Mike & Chris @ Singer22 April 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com
A simple shirt and skinnies… November 2, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Costco Carries Chanel?! November 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert With the opening of the first Costco Warehouse Shopping Club in New York, you can now purchase a widescreen tv, a huge tub of guacamole, and a designer handbag ! The new location currently has Chanel Classic Flap handbags available for $1,999 (regularly sold for anywhere from $1,795 to $2.495). Not a fan of Chanel? How about an LV or Burberry tote? I know, we couldn’t believe it ourselves. The deal seems too good to be true, we’re actually thinking of commissioning someone to grab us Chanel’s before they sell out! What do you think of luxury goods sold at the same venue where you can get your groceries? We say, luxury for less? We like. *Image courtesy of stylist.com . Photo by Daniel Acker, Bloomberg via Getty Images. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. They did get in trouble here in CA last year for selling fakes… Hope its not happening again as I can’t imagine how they got these to sell in Costco? EW! I would not want to have a Chanel bag in my trolly along with the groceries.. Contamination: both style wise and budget wise Hi! I featured your blog on my site. Check it out!
Louis Vuitton’s Stephen Sprouse Tribute Party January 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find i dont understand the connection between marc jacobs and LV?? some one please explain! He’s the Creative Director (basically Head Designer) for LV Oh and that’s in addition to his job as HD for Marc Jacobs and Marc by Marc Jacobs! Phew! yeah but why!! thats what i mean, he has his own brand why is he the head designer of another?! :r Well simply put, because they asked him to
Chic Contribution: A Must Read! February 3, 2010 | Tags: Real Life Chic Glossy Magazine is an online bi-monthly fashion magazine, straight out of London where style, celebrity and pop culture merge. The 5th issue of Glossy Magazine is now out, and we’re proud to say that we had the honor of contributing! Our feature entitled “Celebrities a la Mode” divulges on the latest style icons to garner worldwide attention: fashion industry movers and shakers. We’d like to thank the staff of Glossy Mag, specifically Tallulah their Editor. Bonus? You can read the FULL issue of the magazine, we highly recommend it! To check out the full article *Images courtesy of glossy-mag.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Kookoo for Karmaloop August 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We know the end of summer is near, and a lot of you have already emptied out your fashion expenses. That’s why we decided to do a little online scouring and come up with a few extremely stylish options that would enhance your wardrobes without breaking the bank. All of the items courtesy of one of our urban faves, Karmaloop . Happy Shopping! Motel The Wilma Trouser in Animal Print $56 Blaque Label The MacKenzie Jacket $78 Motel The Anney Dress in Cream $48 Tripp The Studded Knee Rip Jean $74 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I LOVE the leopard pants!! 1,2 and 3 are calling me! LOVE Karmaloop! Just got some great clothes off of there too
Street Chic: New York April 29, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i want her sunglasses! that cloak really doesn’t do it for me. i’m experiencing total jean envy though!
Cleobella Kaya Boho Bag October 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We’re those kind of people that like to travel in style. Though some might think it’s hard to be comfortable and stay chic, it’s actually not. Now that leggings aren’t going anywhere, airplane style is at its best. The final touch? A great travel bag to tote all your stuff in. If you, like us, carry magazines, an extra set of clothing, medicine, makeup, and food then this bag is just perfect. Not only is the Cleobella Kaya Boho Bag huuuuuuge , but it’s extremely hot. Happy Travels! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Selena Gomez’ Nude Shoes October 6, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Mallory writes: “Hey Chic Intuition, i was wondering if you can PLEASE help me find these shoes. Selena Gomez wore them on the today show and I fell in love, I know they aren’t Loubs b/c the sole isnt red, so can you please help me find out what they are? thanks so much!” Well my general rule of thumb is that if they look similar to Louboutins and aren’t Louboutins then they’re probably Brian Atwoods. The only problem is that this style by Brian Atwood is completely sold out online! However, being the amazing Chics that we are, we found you three alternative pairs that are just as hot if not hotter (not to mention a lot cheaper) than the original. Hope this helps! 1. Samanta Women’s Viv Sling 2. Jinny Kim Silver Glitter Lydia Pump in Skin Beige 3. Aldo Atlantic City Pump *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I disagree. These are not Brian Atwoods. The Brian Atwood pumps have VERY narrow heels, but the ones Selena is wearing have a chunkier heel. they’re the aldo ones. iLuvTheseShoes SÚPER LINDOS!
Sale Time! November 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert 80spurple.com Online Clothing Boutique
Blair Waldorf’s Lace Top March 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Gossip Girl Chic Yesterday I cozied up to some Cheerios and excitedly anticipated the start of Gossip Girl’s latest episode, ‘The Age of Dissonance’. Honestly I’m quite annoyed that the producers ( writers? ), whoever keep us on our last nerves with their un-sequential airing dates; but am easily calmed by the episodes’ wardrobe choices. Take the latest style savior, Blair Waldorf (Leighton Meester) and her white and black lace top. The moment my eyes met the designer masterpiece, I automatically recognized the top that I’ve been eying for quite some time online, only to never find my size in stock ( damn you fashionistas and your perfect style taste! ). The blouse is by Nanette Lepore, and it’s called the Cream Tie Top. As I said, it’s sold out online (it’s last season), but you can try searching for it on the sale racks in stores. Happy trying to find it Shopping! *Images courtesy of cwtv.com and my-wardrobe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Do you happen to know anything about her black dress as well? I was about to lose my mind having gone so long without Gossip Girl. And because my sorority meets on Monday nights when it airs, I have to wait till it’s on iTunes before I can watch it, but it’s always worth the $1.99 to drool over Blair and Serena’s wardrobes. I’m particularly obsessed with the Chanel bag Serena was wearing when she confronts Blair at the bar. Ooooiiiii. Why didnt you add the: xoxo Chic Critic ;p
Singer22 Super Sale! February 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Save, Save, Save! May 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Kelly Clarkson is that you? August 14, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized “Kelly Clarkson is on the cover of the September 2009 issue of Self Magazine . There’s a bit of controversy surrounding the cover pic where critics are saying the photo was overly photoshopped and does not reflect her current weight. Self Magazine is fighting back saying they treated the photo with the usual retouching they provide for every star.” Now let’s discuss. I wouldn’t call this a ‘scandal’ like everyone else, more like a disappointment. I’m appalled that a magazine entitled SELF would literally erase parts of a person’s body in order to make her to look ‘better’ in their eyes and, in return, sell more issues. I would actually feel more compelled to buy the magazine, seeing Kelly in her actual figure since it resembles a confident woman. Listen, we feel like everyone is ignoring what matters here. The girl is healthy. She is not morbidly obese. She is a talented, empowering female who loves her curves. Self magazine, we’re disappointed. Greatly… *Images courtesy of dailystab.com and examiner.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m really disappointed, too. It almost makes me want to cancel my subscription. This practice completely goes against what Self preaches. That’s a good way to put it- definitely a disappointment. Kelly is healthy and adorable and has actual talent, and I love her for those things. I think she looks fine, in real life! They did not need to retouch her so much! I’m sure people would buy more magazines if they knew that she is happy, healthy and making money even with a little more weight… This girl looks great just the way she is. Self should know that women look great at any weight… Its disappointing to see that this magazine fell into the beauty/weight standards trap.
Photo Worthy Shoes June 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks So what does it take for Tommy Ton to snap your feet for a coveted spot on his blog Jak & Jil ? Major fierceness that’s what! So the moment we saw these new shoes at shopbop.com , we knew they were winners. Designer? Check. Majorly high heeled? Check. Quirky yet oh so stylish? Check! And you know what they say about style starting from the bottom and working its way up… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Ashley Tisdale’s Lightning Bolt Necklace February 8, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Annie writes: “For the longest time, I’ve always wanted to know where Ashley Tisdale got this tiny thunderbolt necklace that she wore like a bunch of times. But the bad thing is that she wore it a lot around 2 years ago, and doesn’t wear it anymore. I’ve tried to find it on my own a few times on the internet, but had no luck. I even tried to find some other thunderbolt necklaces similar to it, but they never satisfied my taste. So when I recently found your site, I knew I had to ask you, and so I hope this won’t be much of a challenge for you! Thank you!!!” Oh what a cute necklace! But since Ashley wore the it a while back, it was hard to ID. It could be from an unknown vendor, like most unrecognizable celeb items, or it could just have been discontinued/sold out. But we managed to find an eerily similar necklace by Dogeared ! The lightning bolt is as tiny (.5 inches long) and dipped in gold. The price tag is perfect for anyone struggling in the recession, $30! Happy shopping! *Images courtes of misstisdale.net and dogeared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. tvb ash the best
First Look: Rachel Zoe for QVC Part Deux March 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The latest collection of Rachel Zoe for QVC goes on sale tomorrow and, thanks to instyle.com , we’ve got a sneak peek at some of the gorgeous accessories! The collection which will go on sale tomorrow features a plethora of outfit-making costume jewelry and if anyone knows Rachel Zoe you know it’s all about the accessories with her. I am loving the beaded necklace with the gold accents and the gold plated bracelet. The other pieces are not really my style since I dislike costume jewelry that looks like real jewelry… I’m sure there will be plenty more of amazing pieces to choose from tomorrow so mark your calenders and make sure to come back here and tell us what you scored *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Alessandra Ambrosio’s Boots April 28, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic , Celeb Chic Chic Reader Paige writes: “Hey girls, need your help! I came across this photo of Alessandra at Coachella and I’m in love with her boots! Do you know who’s they are, or some similar boots at a reasonable price? Thanks so much!” So that fact that it took us all of 2 seconds to recognize her boots can either mean A ) We’re just that good or B ) We do too much online browsing/shopping which isn’t good for our health. We’ll choose to go with option A and get on with it…Her boots are by Frye ( the pull-on tabs were a huge giveaway ), and they’re called the Carson Pull On Boot . They come in so many colors, and retail for $347. If you’re not willing to dig that deep into your wallet, then why not try these Franco Sarto boots for $106? Or you can get an even cheaper version with these delia*s boots. Finally how about donning western boots from a designer that hails from The South herself, Jessica Simpson. We’re guessing they’d do the job just fine. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Hey guys– I have been staring at these intensely and I just don’t think they’re the Fryes! Alessandra’s have a stripe running from the pull-tab that the Carson doesn’t have, plus they don’t seem to come in her color. If you have any luck figuring out a different brand let me know please! I love them! I think they are the fry taylor pull ons, I literally have been searching the internet for days trying to figure this one out. I ran across your question while searching (all summer) for this identical boot. I was beginning to think Alessandra had them custom made but, I finally found them at Guess for Marciano and on sale at Endless! Gotta figure since she did the Guess campaign, that’s where she got them! They are Guess for Marciano Jinger Flat Boots, although they do have 2 1/4″ stacked heels. I came back to your website to let you know about sizing. Marciano’s website claims to order 1/2 size down since they run larger. I ordered my regular size 10 and they fit perfect. Pictured they appear somewhat shiny and stiff. Not at all! The leather is quite soft and slightly distressed and color is a deeper tan than pictured. They are a pull-on style without any zipper so they fit slim up through calf with a very slight slouchy look. Not a good boot for that trendy look for wearing jeans tucked in unless you have very thin legs and really slim fitting jeans or leggings. Hope this helps you out, I absolutely love them! Thanks Chic! You were a great help finsing the boots! Do you also know how to find the rest of the outfit? IE hat, top and shorts??? Thank you, Laura. Really interested in finding the hat and top especialy! Thanks, Laura x
Splash of Color, Dash of Spring April 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks You know it’s Spring when all you want to do is stash away your blacks, grays, and navys and opt for some color. So how could we resist showing you these amazing, and colorful , finds. We thought that we’d make the transition from darks to brights a bit easier by introducing just a few hints of shades (except for the Black Halo top, which we just had to include). You can check out all the items here . *Images courtesy of tobi.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. this weather has me sooo ready to start tie-dying everything i own.
Ask Chic: Pretty in Pink July 14, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Lin asks: “I’m having trouble choosing a dress for q wedding. Since the dress code is pink, I don’t know how to look chic in that color. Please help me with an outfit idea, thanks!” We here at Chic Intuition have a theory about clothing: you can pull off any color, as long as the cut is right. So, though you might think that pink is too girly, we politely choose to disagree. Check out the perfectly pink dress options we found for you above, with stars rocking the color as well. We guarantee that with the right accessories ( nude shoes are a big IN this season ), you’ll be the belle of the ball. Happy Shopping! From left: ASOS Mesh Embellished Hip Bandeau Dress $67 ASOS Organza Contrast Bound Edge Shift Dress $76 ASOS Covered Button Deep V-Neck Maxi Dress $101 Karen Millen Curvaceous One Shoulder Satin Dress $303 *Images courtesy of profashionelle.com , fash-eccentric.com , and zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thank you so much for your SUPER fast reply. Love the bodycon one!! I will give it a try =) love the bodycon so much!
Ombre, ombre, and more ombre! July 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks So it’s official: to be considered “in” this upcoming fall, you need to own at least one ombre item. Who says so? Well we do! Just take a look at the latest collections and you’ll realize how this trend is taking over almost all aspects of clothing. We’ve selected a couple of items, with different price ranges: Madison Marcus Ombre Pleat Ruffle Sleeve Dress $350 Amanda Uprichard Ombre Silk Cami $180 Vince Ombre Cashmere Cardigan $325 Jessica Simpson ‘Barbie’ Pump $78.95 L.A.M.B. ‘Ombré Patent – Manchester’ Tote Bag $495 Urban Outfitters Ombre Linen Oblong $20 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Sandra Bullock InStyle Cover Inspiration February 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Clockwise from top left: *Images courtesy of instyle.com and net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Reads of the Week February 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Victoria Beckham’s Best Style Moments (Chic Stories) Exclusive: Q&A With Alexander McQueen (Couture in the City) lara/zara (Le Fashion) Noteworthy Designer- Nicole Bridger (My Lookbook) India Arie’s Questionable Jewelry Rope Necklace (Style Frizz)
Cynthia Rowley Resort 2011 June 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Just how Resort should be: spring-easy, comfy, and elegant. That’s exactly what Ms Rowley accomplished this time around, and we’re loving it. The floral prints, metallics, and dark denim oddly enough make a great hodgepodge of style. Can’t wait to get our hands on that printed cardi and maxi skirt… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: Bop for Fall August 27, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com
Chic Guessing: Lace Booties March 10, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Picks Can you guess which of these laced booties go for $70 and which are for $800 ?!? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The top ones are &800
Strap Mania! March 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks After seeing this shoe shot from fashion week, I couldn’t help but pine for a pair of multi-strap shoes of my own! I know that these babies will definitely look amazing with my newly purchased boyfriend jeans and rolled up sleeve boyfriend blazer. Ukh can you tell I’ve been on a major shopping high lately??? Anyways, I searched one of our fave sites ( Net-A-Porter ) and found two amazingly similar pairs. Check ’em out ladies! *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Kate Bosworth Chic June 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Need some hot inspiration today?! Check her out. Loves the LV Roses Stole scarf!!! This hot accessory will put you back a whopping $890. I mean, who looks that good after a 10 hour flight!? Someone who wears an $890 dollar scarf that’s who! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Im absolutely in love with that scarf, its so pretty
Carrie Bradshaw’s Look September 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic As soon as we posted the first pictures of the first look for Sex & the City II , the emails flooded in about Carrie’s sunglassed and her dress! Of course we Chics are willing to take any chance to use our fashion detective skills and accepted the challenge. Although we weren’t able to identify the dress, we found a great alternative with this Sunner Knot Mini Dress . As for the sunglasses? SCORE!!! They are Mykita & Bernhard Willhelm FRANZ Limited Edition Aviators and run for about $525. Hey we said we’d find them but we didn’t say they’d be cheap! Dress is Halston Heritage.
Project Runway Finale Hits and Misses September 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review Oh wow!! I can’t believe the season is already over! We’d have to say that this is one of our fave groups to hit Project Runway. The personalities ( clash much ?) to the clothing were always interesting to watch. Now that the show is almost over, it’s time to see the final five’s fashions sashay down the runway. In our opinion, the ladies ruled this time, with their attention to detail, class, and concepts. The costume designers, oops we mean men, on the other hand….well take a look: *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i would love for korto to win
Fly away with me… April 13, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks I wasn’t really into capes until I saw my sister donning one a few weeks ago. The pairing of this loose flowing jacket with slim legged pants or denim is so elegant, we can’t wait to try it out ourselves. Once we spotted this image of Diane Kruger, we rushed to find a more affordable version by L.A.M.B. . Wear it with black skinnies and booties for a night out. Only accessory needed? A red pout. *Images courtesy of whowhatwear.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
One T-Shirt Two Ways December 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Casual: J Brand Seven Eighths Skinny Jeans Lanvin Linen and Leather Ballerina Flats Chic Alexander Wang Sequined Draped Skirt Kenneth Jay Lane Crystal-Embellished Earrings YSL Tribute Platform Sandals Yup in my white tee! I love the idea of dressing up a loose, white, v neck. Even without the rosette… it pairs well with all that glitters and skyscraper heels.
Making Hermes Bags September 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Take a look at this video that documents the process the company and its employees go through to create the coveted (and pricey) Hermes handbag. Do you still think it’s worth it? drooooooool…………. OMG! I love Dana Thomas’ book “Deluxe: How Luxury Lost it’s Luster!” It really opens your eyes to the bigger picture of luxury goods. She delves into the history behind the biggest names in Luxury like Hermes, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton. I still think the prices of Hermes bags are worth it. They seems to be the only one’s made my had anymore.
The September Issue August 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Fashion stars came out in their full style forces for the premiere of The September Issue at the MoMA in NYC last night. Vogue editor, Anna Wintour and the movie’s featured cover model Sienna Miller walked the red carpet together, and then went their separate ways when it was time for Anna to host the designer-studded event. Diddy, Marc Jacobs and Renee Zellweger were among the big names who came out to support the movie, which centers around the making of the September 2007 Vogue featuring Sienna (in theaters Aug 28). Take a look at the trailer below.
Chic Reads of the Week August 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Still struggling to catch up on all the reading I missed while on vacation… Here are my faves of this week: Wardrobe Basics- Items Every Woman Should Have? (Chic Stories) Handbag of the Day: L.A.M.B (Couture in the City) No More Public Funding for London Fashion Week? (iPapier) Menswear Continues (My Lookbook) Save Lives With a Supermodel: Buy Limited Edition Designer Tees (Style Spy)
Cutesy Bag of the Moment November 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . this bag is pretty adorable.
The Rachel Zoe Project September 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review I have an admission to make. I judged Rachel Zoe, mainly basing my convictions from nasty posts on Perez Hilton’s website, and kind of regretted hating on her after watching the show. Ok, she might ( does ) come off as the typical ‘dumb blonde’ at times, but she single-handedly managed to suck me into my tv screen from start to end. Whether is was her outrageous, indulgent personal style, her lucky lifestyle (front row everything ) or catch phrases ( ‘that’s bananas!!’ ) she’s got it . And even if you hate her, just remember that she has the job we all want and dream of. ‘ I die’ … yea im also guilty of getting glued to my PC screen while watching that clip lol. that vintage store is just.. wow. rachel’s pretty annoying though, as she moans and pants at everything in sight and gasps: “I die!” but in the end i also wish i had her job lol. she doesn’t dress that well though.. a bit busy for me. i prefer what her assistant is wearing. I agree that what she wears is a bit much, piling on everything in site, but she admits that minimalist, she is not, and i like her for it! PS that cariter panther ring….I DIE!!
Ooh la la… April 9, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find It’s finds like this Rebecca Minkoff Studded Backpack that make us wish we still went to school… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
New @ Net-A-Porter January 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Shop here .
Giuseppe Zanotti Embellished Heel Pumps October 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find If you happen to have an extra $795 lying around…. Get ’em here . *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com
Sam Edelman Women’s Adena Flat December 10, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Picks Sammy seems to be on a roll. We loved his Zoes and now we are head over heels for these babies . Imagine wearing them on a night out with a pair of ankle length skinnies and a suave blazer. Or how about with a lace maxi skirt and leather jacket? The options are basically endless. Remind us of a much cheaper version of the Louboutin Rollerball loafers. Love! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Elizabeth & James Knuckle Ring for Less June 21, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Steph writes: “I’m completely obsessed with the Elizabeth and James Knuckle Ring (in silver) that came out a while ago and I have been looking for a less-expensive and similar version for too long! Any recommendations? Thanks!” Well that’s what the internetz are for Steph! It’s hands down one of the greatest venues where manufacturers can sell their products, and the best part is that a lot of products are moderately priced. One such website is Amazon , and we found an almost identical knuckle ring here for much less than the original. Good luck and Happy Shopping hun! *Images courtesy of timeinc.net and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. well how very condescending of you. How is that in any way condescending??? I totally bought this knockoff ring and it is HORRIBLE. It doesn’t even look like the one in the picture and the size 7 is in fact a size 11 (I measured it to make sure I wasn’t going crazy). Also, their return policy is so messed up, I wasn’t even able to return it (%15 restocking fee on all jewelry??!) I have since put it in the back of my jewelry box and am awaiting my real E&J knuckle ring. Some things are just not worth the discount Oh we are sorry about that. Do you want us to contact them and try and get your money back? going to take the plunge and purchase one would you recommened it???? Hello, this is James from TrendToGo.com. Read the article on the blog and saw the comments. Thank you Chic !
Don’t kill the messenger, kiss him! April 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert I woke up this morning to this message in our Inbox: Don’t you just love it when things like this happen? It’s like a little fashion angel decided to sprinkle some fairy dust on our wallets. I mean, 10 GBP less might not be much to most of us, but considering the fact that it went down from 30 to 20 is great! Now I can finally purchase that ring I wanted, but was too stingy to spend almost half of its price on shipping/handling. Yes, today is a good day. Spread the word, and shop Net-a-Porter ! I’ll pass. Pardon me for being broke as hell!
Bow Tops August 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks I don’t know about you, but I just love bows on just about anything! I like them on shoes, cardigans, tops, and even on the waistband of pants. Please keep in mind though that I would never even think of mixing any bow-topped pieces together. One bow per outfit is more than enough to make a statement. Anyways, I decided to go on the lookout for some bow embellished tops and feel the urge to share my findings. Here are my faves: 1. Nu Collective Ivory Silk Bow Top 2. Rebecca Taylor Bow Tunic 3. Sea Bow Blouse 4. 3.1 Phillip Lim Half Bow Blouse 5. Opening Ceremony Bow Sweater 6. Maharishi Organic Cotton Bow T-shirt *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Norma Kamali for Walmart October 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Seriously, what have we done to deserve so many affordable collaborations?! We’re thinking it’s the awful economy, but we’d like to believe that designers are just treating us to some fashion fun. One of our personal faves, who’s perfected the cozy chic look is Norma Kamali. I remember spotting her clothing for the first time 3 years ago, and found myself falling in love with almost every sweater I laid my eyes on. Her pieces are the perfect ‘wear and go’ items (think classic sportswear with a twist), and we’re so excited that she’s decided to pair up with Walmart for some affordable alternatives. Her most coveted piece, the batwing cardigan, which normally retails for $265, is available for $18! Check out her collaboration now! *Images courtesy of walmart.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh wow, im heading to walmart tomorrow, just saw the whole line anD i have been looking for it too. It very afordable. Great posting now THIS is something i’d go to walmart for! yea i totally would buy this I went yesterday and discovered this by complete accident. I spent an entire hour at walmart trying on her line and walked away with a few sweet outfits.
Cutest.Pouch.Ever September 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Image courtesy of freepeopleclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. agreed loves it!
Tracee Ellis Ross Chic July 25, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic One of my favorite tv shows to watch is Girlfriends . In addition to the hilarious plot, I have to admit that I really tune in to watch what the main character Joan, played by Tracee, will be wearing. I can honestly admit that she’s helped me form my personal style sense. Her casual-quirky style vibe is just divine, and I feel like Tracee’s personal style has an impact on what her character chooses to wear. Honestly I was wondering what graphics to focus on, Tracee’s looks or Joan’s. So this is going to be a two part post. Today we’re going to dedicate the article to Tracee’s personal style. Work. It. *Images courtesy of bossip.com, obsessed-hoopla.blogspot.com, and habitualbeauty.net and nigerianwomaninnorway.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I LOVE TRACEE..and OMG Girlfriends was my SHOW! She always steps out looking fabulous and fly. She’s definitely a trendsetter. I remeber one time she stepped out wearing a royal blue cut off shirt, some Evisu Jeans and some red pumps. She slapped on some accessories and made the outfit look BOMB! That’s what I’m talking about. Now that the show went off I’m onto Toyota’s “If Looks Could Kill” series. Bianca can dress her buns of too, so don’t get it twisted. This girl can get dressed in the dark and still come out looking fierce. Okay maybe I’m exaggerating a bit, but you get the point.
Paris Hilton Chic December 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Yves Saint Laurent ‘Imperiale’ Pump August 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Remember these babies from the Fall 09 runway?! Well, thanks to Nordstrom , you can now purchase them online! Can you imagine the endless outfit possibilities with these on. Pair them with a white tee and bf jeans, or a sleek dress. Totally ups the fierce factor in our books. Get them here . *Image courtesy of style.com and nordstrom.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. le sigh. AWESOMEEEEEEEEE Oh my goodness!!! I’m in Pumps heaven! i luv this one, too….pls if u find a copy one thanks
Bibs aren’t only for babies… July 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks You know, if you would’ve told me a few days, scratch that, a few hours ago , that I would be interested in donning a bib as a fashion accessory, I would’ve probably admitted you to the loony house. But can you blame me for falling in love with these babies? They’re the perfect addition to a simple outfit. Top off any basic look with anyone of these bibs and you’re ready to go. That easy, that much worth it… ROARKE new york Le Charlot Beaded Bib Necklace ROARKE new york Le Charlot Black Lace Bib Necklace ROARKE new york Le Charlot Beaded Leopard Bib Necklace ROARKE new york Le Charlot Floral Explosion Necklace *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Top Style Slobs of 2008 January 5, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Aubrey O’Day- Because she always looks like she’s heading to some costume party. Um hello? Halloween comes only once a yr. Heidi Montag- For making high fashion pieces look like stripper gear. Britney Spears- Because before there was a conservatorship… there was this ! Kirsten Dunst- Worst ‘not caring about fashion’ look. Um grandma called, she wants her stuff back! Jessica Simpson- For regressing in style and singing capabilities. What went wrong? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. haha this is funny and i totally agree
Chic Guessing March 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll This mommy-to-be looks extremely FIERCE on the cover of Blackbook magazine. It seems like she’s channeling a bit of Lady Gaga in this gorgeous editorial. I personally think she looks unrecognizable but maybe her major fans will have no problem figuring out who she is. Can you guess who this covergirl is??? If you give up, click here . that’s nicole richie!!1 NIC! NIC R! So obviously…LOL. Nicole Ricci. Duh :p nicole richie looking like lady gaga yes yes yes.. Nicole Richie!
Street Chic: Scarf Edition II April 8, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Boyfriend Jeans October 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks So remember back in August when I was questioning the Boyfriend Jeans look? Let’s just say I’m not questioning them anymore… I am officially IN LOVE with Boyfriend Jeans! How you may ask? Well it’s an interesting story. Yesterday I spent the day cleaning up my bedroom which was suffering from a major case of clothing explosion generated by me and my husband’s inability to take two steps towards our closet and hang up our clothes! So I happened to stumble upon a pair of my hubby’s jeans during this process and something possessed me to try them on. Well I did, then added a stretchy belt with a buckle made of two snakes intertwined, tucked in a white tank, threw on a deep purple coccoon cardi, and slipped into some heels. The effect was amazing and the pants were soooooooo comfy (skinny jeans are so binding in comparison)! The only problem though was that his jeans were a bit too big so I decided that I needed a pair of my own and preferably made for women since men’s pants look too drop crotch for my own comfort. It looks like I’m getting the same Current Elliot pair that I so unsurely blogged about two months ago which I find pretty ironic. What about you guys, have you changed your minds about BF jeans? *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. UGH!I hate you lol, I wanted them back in August and I think they’re sold out now LOL Actually there are some sizes in stock and the rest ship in two wks which is not bad…
The tank… April 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ladies Who Brunch January 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love the Chloe bag, it’s gorgeous, and it’s in vogue right now! BJS *keep it stylish*
Gilt Groupe Final Sale January 22, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Want to score amazing designer duds for under $100? Then check out Gilt Groupe’s Final Sale. The pieces I chose below are just a small sample of the goodies available for sale. I can’t believe these prices!!! A cashmere dress for $58??? That’s CRAZY. If you’re still not a member of this “invite only” website click here . Happy Bargain Shopping! i love the gilt website. i have to wait til i get paid again. and i will def be racking up one some things.
Here’s to 2010 December 31, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized *Images courtesy of wwd.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Happy New Year, CI. Wish you all the best in the New year. Congrats on making it to 2010. xo.
Coachella Street Chic April 21, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Isla Fisher Chic February 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Wow! We think this is the best we’ve even seen Isla, talk about a show stopper! It’s no wonder that David Letterman was teasing her the whole time throughout the interview, who wouldn’t try to flirt with this cutie? We are loving her darker locks, and simple dress paired with a daring necklace. To get her look try: Gold Hawk Mini Ball Dress Nordstrom Square Disc Necklace L.A.M.B. Tawny Sequin Open Toe Pump *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. looooving the dress!
One Blazer Two Ways March 12, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Dinner with Friends: Alice + Olivia Parker Jersey Tank Dress Miu Miu Leather Cutout Sandals Summer BBQ: Missoni Abbie Woven Tunic See by Chloe Scalloped Silk-Satin Shorts
Kate Bosworth Chic June 28, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Kate Bosworth strutting her stuff. She’s working the epitome of a ‘summer look’: comfy cargo pants,a tank and cut-out sandals. We just love the basic color palette she’s working, and can’t wait to try it out ourselves. To get the look try: Splendid 1×1 Tank Top Paige Denim Layne Cargo Pants Joie Picasso Cutout Flat Sandals ( on sale! ) Marc by Marc Jacobs Retro Sunglasses *Image courtesy of celebutopia.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love this look!
Rachel Bilson on Project Runway September 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Thanks to JustJared , we got a good look of Rachel Bilson as guest judge on the latest episode of Project Runway. It’s all about a California cool style, and who better to represent that than this former O.C. star. We loved her look on the panel, and just had to re-create it for all of you, but with a Fall friendly twist. Happy Shopping! Catherine Malandrino Cap Sleeve Top with Antique Zipper Ruffle Catherine Malandrino Leather Skirt with Pleated Starburst Detail Nightcap Clothing Orchid Tights Stuart Weitzman Swoon Platform Pumps *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Fashion Week Sweetheart Award- Leighton Meester! September 12, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We gave you our pick for Fashion Week Mess and now we feel it’s necessary to give you our pick for Fashion Week Sweetheart… Leighton has navigated through her first Fashion Week like a style pro and the girl really deserves props! I guess Blair is not the only one with exceptional fashion sense. She may even benefit from a tip or two from Leighton. Bravo! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Shopbop’s In the Family Discount! October 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click on the image above or here to shop.
M by MJ Boots August 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find I was reading my August teenVOGUE , ( yes, I’m nowhere near my teens and no I’m not ashamed of reading it…in private ), when a specific editorial caught my eye. Actually, it wasn’t the editorial but the boots they featured in a couple of pictures. And NOT to my surprise, they were by the great Marc Jacobs. I instantly went on an online wild goose chase and found a similar MJ pair in black. Still hot. The perfect pair of boots for an exquisite fall outfit. You can check them out here . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of shopbop.com and teenvogue magazine. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Bling We Love: Dannijo September 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Check out the entire collection here .
Edie Rose October 5, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Another one bites the dust. Rachel Bilson is seen here out and about promoting her line for DKNY . You’ve probably heard about the 10 piece collection that has a reasonable price range ($34-$98). We didn’t really find the line inspiring; been there done that. I guess this goes to show you that slapping a stylish celeb’s name on a pretty norm line sells out. Case closed. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Simple yet loads of things to talk about. Thats what fashion is all about…..loveeee it!
Chic Interview: Jaime Wears Black December 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview She’s taken black from basic to bold , and it’s no wonder that females are flocking to their laptops for fashionable inspiration. Hailing from sunny O.C., California, Jaime has found fast fame amongst the blogosphere, which we can’t help by crediting her beautiful face and heavenly closet snaps. It’s all in the colors people (in her case one specific choice), and this 20 year old sure knows how to wear it. Check out what she had to say and then prance on over to her blog . Chic Intuition: When we say that we are ‘hooked’ to your blog, that’s a mere understatement. We can’t pinpoint the actual reason why, but think it’s your allure and mysterious demeanor through photography and writing that keep us coming back. Do you subconsciously post in a particular style, or was the concept of your blog thought out beforehand? Jaime: Definitely subconsciously! All the pictures and clothes I wear that day depend on how I am feeling that certain day. Sometimes it’s “moody” and other times it’s just fun and lively! The “concept” of my blog was definitely not thought out beforehand. As a matter of fact, I was going to delete it after the first day because I was very hesitant about it. But I’m so glad I didn’t, after all the interest and love I have been receiving from all the sweet and lovely bloggers (like Chic Intuition!) I have encountered! Chic Intuition : Ok, so we know you’re addicted to coffee. So spill (not literally!), how many cups a day? Jaime: Only one cup a day, actually! If it’s black coffee, then I’ll have one venti sized, and if it’s a latte or Americano, then one grande sized with triple shots of espresso. That’s nothing compared to my sister who drinks three venti sized cups of coffee a day! However, today I had coffee overload with two large mugs of black coffee and a grande soy latte! I’m really antsy and energized as I’m typing this. Chic Intuition: So Jaime Wears Black, but does she wear any other colors? Jaime: Besides black, I wear gray and a little bit of white. Other than that, I think I own like four clothes that are brown, navy blue, and green. I think that’s about the only color I have in my closet. Oh and I have a confession, I wear pink and Hello Kitty pajamas to sleep! Chic Intuition: Thank you for introducing us to your personal style icon, Jang Yoon Ju . She’s one of our new faves. What do you love about her? Jaime: I love that her style and clothes are very simple, yet chic and classy! I think her style epitomizes minimalism and she shows us that less is more! Other than that, I think she has this charm and attraction to her face and personality. Oh, and I absolutely love her smile and the way she smiles with her eyes. Chic Intuition: Annoying scenario: you’re given $1000 to spend….at [enter your least fave/most boring shop name here] what do you do? Jaime : Hollister and/or Abercrombie. Oh goodness, this is torture because they don’t have ANY black clothes. I’ll probably just buy tons of their pajamas for my sisters and me! Chic Intuition: Your closet is heavenly. Any advice on how to achieve our ‘dream closet’? Jaime : Decorate your closet with any pictures or even words that are inspiring and encouraging to you! It could be pages from a magazine or even pictures of yourself, family, and friends. I started decorating my closet with my personal favorite pages from magazines to always remind myself to be inspired and creative in terms of clothes and style! It encourages me to always be stylish and to never get lazy when dressing up. Also, try to organize your clothes by type, like t-shirts on one section, dresses in another section, etc. so that it’ll be easier for you to mix and match your whole outfit together. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical q time: How much black is too much? Jaime: You can never have too much black! *Images courtesy of jaimewearsblack.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. You should do an interview with the girl from Swank Heights.blogspot.com… love her stuff! aww shes’ so cute! love her jaime is my new blog obsession shes a sweetheart and beautiful! Great interview!! Congrats to Jaime. I adore her blog, the photos are always so luxe and creative That was a dead brilliant interview. I adore the questions as much as the answers. Very intellectual and interesting. Of course we all love Jaime she’s the sweetest blogger I know. with love, China L. Great read! Jamie has amazing style. I adore her closet and the magazine editorials that are splashed all over it’s surface. I cannot emphasize enough how alluring her style is and how much I look forward to her every post. I love Jaime’s adorable interview Awesome! Love Jaime’s style and photos. xx Lovely interview, I love Jamie – she’s great! She is so sweet! Love her 😀 Jaimie is beautiful!her blog is fabu.great interview. muah, Marian
Tobi Special Sale! April 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Prescription to save big: click on the image below.
GAP Summer 2009 June 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Just in time for the summer heat, GAP gets cool ! This season’s pieces are a plethora of pastels, light denim, and my favorite summer hue- white! It seem like designer Patrick Robinson is really helping take GAP in a fresh new direction. The pieces are youthful, and airy and, best of all, affordable. Can’t wait to shop the GAP this summer! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I Heart Ronson Preview November 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review A while back we posted about a new collab between Charlotte Ronson and JC Penny. I number of you were excited to see more, and now Nylon Mag has a few more images to preview the collection. “Available starting this February, the clothes bring Charlotte’s downtown, rock babe aesthetic to those who can’t shop in Soho, Los Angeles, or Tokyo, and it does it at rock bottom prices.” Umm, can you say ‘yay! ‘? *Image courtesy of nylonmag.com. I cannot wait. I LOVE HER STUFF! fashion chalet I love Charlotte Ronson! So excited that she will be at a cheaper store… although there are none here in Manhattan… hmm??
The Statement Watch October 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Wrap-around watches are all the hype these days, and we’re starting to get why. The bracelet/timepiece duo gives off an edgy vibe when paired with the right outfit, or can work in a more elegant scenario when partnered with a delicate top and skirt. One of our latest affordable discoveries is the La Mer Collections at shopbop.com . They have so many different takes on the wrap watch, and we took the liberty of selecting a few faves. Best part, they’re all around or under the $100 mark! La Mer Collections Pyramid Stud Wrap Watch La Mer Collections Silver Motor Chain Wrap Watch La Mer Collections African Simple Wrap Watch La Mer Collections Bali Stud Wrap Watch *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic Combo of the Month November 12, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Spring Fever April 10, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: Dannijo Florence Necklace Opening Ceremony X Pendelton Cropped Knit Poncho Marc By Marc Jacobs Kitty St. James Baladine Bag Alexander Wang Aw Lf 1 C4 Sunglasses *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OBSESSSSSED WITH TRIBAL
Little change, a lot of messy September 9, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Oh my gosh!! We just held her look high on a pedestal with the gray on gray a couple of days ago , and now she goes and dons this number!! Ladies, look and learn. This is an example of how, with the wrong accessories and pieces, a look can go from glam to grubby. Her previously chic blazer (which is from her label) is now part of the train wreck of an outfit, and we can’t look away… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Christopher Kane for Topshop September 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Seen the Gorilla patterned dress making the rounds on the blogsphere, the red carpet, and the runway? Ya, that was by Christopher Kane! Unfortunately for us, not everyone can afford a $2400 dress… Well, luckily, Topshop collaborated with Christopher Kane to create an affordable line for them that will be available on September 18th. Judging by the lookbook, and the fact that the pieces range from $80 to$300, I am sold on every single piece! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Grey Ant ‘Status’ Sunnies September 4, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find These sunglasses have been slowly rising up from under the radar for the past year. They are a super-sized version of the Wayfarers, and really do scream ‘ Status ‘. Unfortunately, we’ve only spotted them on the male celebs of the bunch, but can also imagine them looking quite hot on any of our female faves. They even come in a fab transparent gray. Now, if you hail from the petite possy, we wouldn’t recommend these huge shades, but for the rest of us out there….shop away! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , contactmusic.com and treycruz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Stars Heart Scarves II July 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic When we last posted about stars and their scarves, they were still braving the cold weather in March. Now, well into the summer, seems like celebrities still hold the trend strongly to their hearts. The only difference? Donning summer clothes (aka t-shirts and jeans) with scarves of a much lighter nature. Can you believe that Sienna, Cameron, Jennifer, and Sarah were all spotted out this weekend donning the trend?? Just remember, don’t go crazy with other accessories! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Taylor Jacobson Chic May 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ok this is waaay overdue. I’ve been craving for a Taylor Jacobson sighting ever since the end of the Rachel Zoe Project, Season 1. And finally, we have an image taken by Rachel’s Blackberry! She decided to give all of us fashion (and Taylor) lovers some dosage of TayTay Style ….l.o.v.e the outfit. Can’t wait for Season 2!!! *Image courtesy of twitter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love her style! I LOVE HER. she is amazing. :]
Endless Options November 6, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Nice title huh? Get it, Endless Shoes, endless options? Ok whatevs. But seriously, the website has so many hot new additions, we couldn’t help but ogle the options, and we might have shed a few tears of joy *sniff sniff*. We guarantee any of these shoes are showstoppers, and can be paired with the simplest of outfits for maximum results. Make sure you have enough time on your hands when going out in these babies, because we’re sure a few people will stop you in your steps to inquire. Givenchy Women’s 584947 Ankle Boot $634 Modern Vintage Women’s Evanise Ankle Bootie $295 Paris Hilton Women’s Carson Ankle Boot $135 Hale Bob Women’s Toulouse Boot $150 Luichiny Women’s Colby Bootie $159 *Images courtesy of endless.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Balenciaga Fall 2009 March 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. don’t like them at all. Maybe the blue floral dress but the rest are a big no no for me. Don’t know wat happened.
AMA Hotties November 24, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ali Landry: Precious in Pink Christina Aguilera: After a long and hard battle, she’s finally made it onto a ‘Best Dressed List’. Congrats! Pink: Glamer osious ! Ashley Tisdale: Grecian goddess with a twist of punk rock, love it! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
VMA Notties September 14, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Amber Rose: Ummm… I think a snake ate her catsuit! Holly Montag: Instead of slashing her tires, Spencer decided to slash her dress! Jennifer Lopez: So tired from carrying around the twins, she decided to wear a harness to make clapping less painful. Adrienne Bailon: Yellow cow with pink spots! *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I agree…they all looked horrible. Haha Amber Rose looks so ghetto. OMFG!
AMA Sinners November 24, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Alicia Keys: What’s up with the necklace on the forehead trend? Trying to keep our eyes away from that plain dress Jordin Sparks: We don’t know what we hate more, the yellow prom dress or the red streaks in her hair. Maybe she’s vying for a McDonald’s sponsorship? Rihanna: ‘Achoo!! Ugh pass me a tissue’ And then they used it for her dress… Miley Cyrus: We just don’t get her dress… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The streaks in Jordan’s hair are actually probably for Breast Cancer support. They’re having a Pink Hair for Hope extension put in for people who donate to breast cancer.
Alexander Wang for Linda Farrow January 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks The Wangster has done it again! The man to whom we’ve professed our love on numerous occasions obviously just can’t get enough of our flattery. This time it’s his line of sunglasses Alexander Wang for Linda Farrow that has caused our hearts to flutter beyond control. My ultimate faves are these black cat-eyes with zipper detailing available only at Opening Ceremony . One word- GENIUS!
Shopbop’s Summer Blowout Sale! August 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert shopbop.com
Alexa Chung’s Studded Bag for Less September 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’re sure Alexa will be weeping herself to sleep once she gets a look at this dead ringer of her Miu Miu for MUCH less. We’re sure she could use the extra $622 difference to, say, get a haircut or diamond facial maybe? Ahh to live the life of a MTV host and British socialite. Anyways ladies, if you’re dying to know, here’s the bag for less. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of knighttcat.com and freepeopleclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. ohhh forever 21 has a copycat of the freepeople one for 20$$ rosemary on September 14th, 2009 10:50 pm ohhh forever 21 has a copycat of the freepeople one for 20$$
Will we regret saying this tomorrow? January 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Listen, and listen very carefully. This is probably going to be the first and last time you’ll hear us saying this. But we….( I’m not sure if we want to say this out loud, let alone on the world wide web )….we….actually like Heidi Montag’s outfit! I’m going to admit that I wouldn’t have recognized her if she didn’t have that douche bag of a boyfriend husband (?) as her shadow in every picture. The different shades of nude really compliment her tan skin and blonde hair, and we love how she paired a long cardi with those oh so cute shorts. If you hired a new stylist, keep her woman! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love your blog! I check it like 10 times a day!! I love Heidi’s outfit, but you can see her bright red bra right through her top! She’s a mess. lol Do not regret it, she actually looks polished for once! BJS *keep it stylish* not a fan of the “see through” top
Charlize Theron Chic January 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic She’s beautiful, talented, and has a great sense of style. Charlize can do no wrong in this casual chic outfit, we’re loving the cropped jeans and ballet flats. Though the majority of us don’t have the privilege of wearing summer clothes yet (check out post below), we think this one should go into the archives. To get the look: William Rast Blazer in Navy Gold Hawk Scarf Tunic in Terracotta Hudson Jeans Vixen Highrise Ankle in Bliss Carla Mancini Crocodile Tote with Tassle BONUS: Enter code ’25DAY’ to receive 25% off most products!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com , and couturecandy.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Louboutin’s Up to 60% Off!!! September 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok not only are you going to mark your calendars, but you just have to set your timers to tomorrow, September 29th and click here to check out this fabulous unmissable sale! Yes, Loubs for up to 60% off courtesy of The Outnet , Net-a-Porter’s sister sale site. I’m already propped up against my screen and will probably not budge till its midnight… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG OMG OMG OMG! THANKS!!!!
Blingin’ Tights August 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks If you’re from this planet, then you obviously would know that leggings and tights have been a big hit for the last few years. It seems like the next sentence that comes out of my friends’ mouths while shopping is always “Wow! That would look great with a pair of leggings!” We’ve all been wondering in the back of our minds if they’ve extended their stay. I, personally, say no and declare leggings to be a lifetime staple like jeans. I am even more confident saying that now that I’ve seen these gorgeous embellished Bebaroque Tights . They are basically jewelry for your legs and will really take ur outfit in a whole new direction. Are u confident enough to try them??? I know I am! Absolutely! Embellished tall socks + tights are supposed to be big this fall + winter!
Chic Reads of the Week October 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Jennifer Lopez in White (Chic Stories) Celebrity Look of the Day: Rachel Bilson (Couture in the City) Lanvin Spring 2009 (Le Fashion) The Piped Blazer! (My Lookbook) Kate Moss Wears Short Jeans With Minnetonka In October! (Style Frizz)
Fashionable Food for Thought January 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of cupcakestakethecake.blogspot.com, flickr.com, honeychild311.wordpress.com, cupcakesneveau.com, and knightcat.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I would like one Chanel bonbon,please? They are amazing,really sweet these cupcakes are soo cute!! thanks for posting them up..
Chain Layered Tops July 31, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Free People Draping Chains Tank $98 Plume The Chain Vest with Tank in Black $285 Silence & Noise Studded Chain Fringe Tunic $48 Catherine Malandrino Bowery Dress $595 Madewell Chain Fringe Cowl Tee $68 Haute Hippie Chain Necklace Tank $275 Utterly digging this new trend!
No,No,No & Yes,Yes,Yes! September 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic Rachel, Rachel, Rachel. We’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and say that the luggage your stylist flew over with all your picks got delayed, and you had to wear your stylish (but a few sizes bigger) best friend’s Stella McCartney dress. This is a good example of how an ill fitting dress can go from, well a dress, to a nightie. On the other hand, just a few days before she was rocking the same designer in a much more flattering outfit. What a difference! Oh, and Eric Bana, we just kept his pics here for well, eye candy. You’re welcome. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I loooove her. In my eyes she can do no wrong. HE LOOKS VVVVV GOOD. Maria x http://www.myeverywish.blogspot.com the second dress is hot and YUM.. eric bana
The Olsens: Trendsetters not followers December 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The first time I laid eyes on this picture I thought it was recent or maybe a year old. Imagine my shock when I realized it was from 2004!!! The blazer, the loose t-shirts, the light washed denim, and the sunnies are all current trends that all of us are donning and the fact that the Olsens are wearing them 5 yrs ago is proof that they are the stylemakers of our generation… *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. wow! they truly are trendsetters i cant believe this was actually taken 5 years ago! yeah there was a blazer craze 5 or 6 years ago i remember. they were everywhere! but nothing like this past year. They look great, I wish they looked like this more often! That guys face on the bottom looks so funny. lol. I love MK + A! ow we know,olsens are becoming fashion icons of this century.or have they already become? have fun 😉 mel I always knew they were. They are undoubtedly the TRENDSETTERS!
No,No,No! September 15, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic We hate to be featuring Drew in so many of these Not Chic posts, but she just makes it too easy not to. Seems like everyone in Hollywood is stepping up their stylist game except for Ms Midlife Crisis Stuck in The 80s. She’s a great actress, and an even better Samaritan. But her fashion choices? That’s a whole different, and kinda funny, story. Check out her latest outfit adventure. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh, Drew! I still love you, so I forgive you. The Sex and the city 2 previews of the 80’s style is even worse. I gagged when i first saw some of the new styles they are going to have in the movie.
Sweater Chic August 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find The moment I spotted this sweater dress on Shopbop.com , I knew I had to get it. Why the rush? Aside from the fact that it’s extremely chic for winter ( can you imagine pairing it with leather leggings and booties?! ), the pricetag was too good to let it go. This sweater seems like the sweeter, more modest sister to last winter’s Rodarte knits. Something you’d want to wear everywhere, anytime. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I would get the black. the other is so sheer you can see the model’s underwear!
Happy 4th of July! July 4, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc Hey there.. Love the site! So chic intuition- literally!! ;P
MK Olsen Sandal Chic May 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After posting about Mary Kate and her bf Nate being a stylish couple, we had a number of comments and e-mails inquiring about her sandals. Thanks to Olsens Anonymous , we’ve got the answer! The sandals are (big surprise) by their line Elizabeth & James, and are available for pre-order here ! After taking a closer look at the shoes, we have to admit that they’re quite hot, and the fact that they’re only available in limited quantities makes them even hotter. Again, thank you Olsens for managing to make us fall in lurve with an item while out on your daily Starbux run. Sheesh. *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and nordstrom.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I neeeed that sweater! But the shoes are great too, not totally original but still nice. I expected a little more from their shoe line though! thebeautifulfool.blogspot.com This look hot!!!!!!!!!
Eric Damon for Revolve Clothing September 12, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic After becoming a full-fledged Gossip Girl fanatic, it’s only logical that one of my dreams is to be styled by Mr. Eric Daman himself. Well, I can honestly say it’s finally happened! Eric Daman (Gossip Girl’s head stylist) has teamed up with Revolve Clothing to create some of his signature looks of which every single piece will be for sale on their website. I am so excited and can’t believe that no one thought of creating a similar type of deal with Pat Field at the height of Sex and the City’s popularity. Fashion just keeps getting better people… *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Fantastic, casual and chic. More than PERFECT!
RIP MJ July 7, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized We had to mention this. We are moved to tears by the memorial held for Michael Jackson. We will miss you. You inspired millions in every aspect. You held the record of the celebrity to support the most amount of charities. And damn, you rock Balmain like no other . Rest in peace, King of Pop. *Image courtesy of trystlove.com . Well said! R.I.P. MJ – I will always love you like family. BAD P.Y.T. Love u MJ – RIP Love you MJ Yes.He rocks Balmain like no other.RIP MJ Love U Jacko!!!! True inspiration!!! Yeah, MJ worn lots of Balmain….
Chic Trend: Over the Knee Boots September 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks After getting several emails from our readers asking for cheaper versions of their favourite over the knee boots, we felt it necessary to dedicate an entire post to this trend. We searched high and low to find you some of the best over the knee boots out there with prices ranging from $99 to $500 (we even included a few of the ones we got from our readers)! Now all you guys have to do is lazily pick up your credit cards out of your wallets and place an order… Life is so much easier with Chic Intuition right? 1. Frye Over-the-Knee Paige Cuff Boot $395 2. Colin Staurt Buckle Riding Boot $168 3. Sam Edelman Uri Boot $225 4. Chinese Laundry Women’s Turbo Suede Wedge Boot $99 5. Joie Dream Some Over The Knee Boot in Mushroom Suede $475 6. Calvin Klein “Mazzie” Over-The-Knee Leather Flat Boots $220 How do you wear over the knee boots? I’m fairly short like 5’1 but I really love them. I feel like they’re eating me alive whenever I try them on. Thank you. xoxov;) Lan I would probably pair these boots with dresses in your case to avoid emphasizing what little leg you have left. In that case pants tucked inside would definitely be a no. Wow, the cheapest ones are actually my favorite!
Free People Brassy Studded Tights October 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks The latest way to spice up an outfit is to add a pair of embellished tights. We’ve seen them all over the runways for fall and the Miu Miu ones, specifically, are unbelievably gorgeous! Unfortunately though, not all of us can afford the runway versions of these babies and so I was really happy when I found these Free People ones . They have the perfect amount of embellishment and I can see them making a dramatic statement with a simple black shift dress… These tights are crazy hottt! FP is one of my fash faves this season. Stumbled on your blog last month and lovelovelove it! XOXO, Mimi_Style highendrearend.wordpress.com
Hallelujah! August 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Like we needed more of a reason to admire Shopbop , and they lay this one on us… *Image courtesy of shopbop.com. NO F*CKING WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! NO WAY!! OMFG, I’m so excited right now!!!
Street Chic: Color Coded September 29, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I’m Back!!! August 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert So I’m finally back from a whirlwind trip to Egypt and London and must say that I’m still superexhausted! Despite my state, I just couldn’t wait to report on the trends I spotted in London. Basically, every single eye-catching London fashionista was donning at least one of these five trends: 1. Ruffled Blouse 2. Boyfriend Cardigan 3. Grey Denim 4. Floral Dress 5. Summer Scarf Note: The London Girl is definitely a vintage girl. *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com and my-wardrobe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic:  Jenny Humphrey’s Studded Bag December 15, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Natalie writes: “ Chic Intuition I need your help! Can you ID the bag that Jenny Humprey is carrying in the picture below? It looks so fierce, and I have to know where it’s from! “ Natalie, as a matter of fact we do! The gorgeous bag Jenny is donning is by the great Be & D (otherwise known as the pioneers of the studded bag). It is the Be & D Studded Convertible Shoulder Tote and it is fabulous. Unfortunately it looks like the black and gold version Jenny is wearing is sold out but the nickel and black is just as hot in our opinion… Happy shopping! *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thanks so much for your help!
Chic Reads of the Week July 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Fashion Tips from Julian Hough (Chic Stories) Celebrity Sightings (Couture in the City) How Does the Recession Affect Fashionistas and Beauty Addicts (Girl Woman Beauty Brains) Book this Look-Ashlay Tisdale (Lookbook) Just you are ready for summer, fall invades stores! (Suze on Style)
T-shirt of my dreams… May 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks T-shirts should be called Cheat-Shirts. Why? Well simply because they’re the easiest item to accessories in anyone’s closet. You can wear a white tee with stylish harem pants and you’re ready to go, or you can place it under a blazer for an office chic look. There are so many different ways to wear tees, and the best part about them is they’re A)cheap and B)summer friendly. Don’t even get us started on embellished tees. We love them like any girl, and Sass & Bide have done a fine job with fulfilling our every dream here. Just take a look for yourself. I die… Sass and Bide in the Beginning T-Shirt Sass and Bide a Second Chance T-Shirt Sass and Bide Chaplin T-Shirt *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The first shirt is my favorite, but they’re all insane. I love.
Shoe La La! May 20, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I loooove the Alaïa wedges…so amazing!! the third pair is gorgeous!:)
Rachel Rachel Roy Accessories Edition September 8, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic What more can we say than we love love love the Rachel Rachel Roy accessories line? What we’re particulary loving a lot more is the price tag! Macys is offering free shipping with $75 Rachel Rachel Roy purchase . Just enter promo code: RACHEL at checkout. Hurry up though cuz this offer is only valid between September 10-12!
Cutout Shoulder Top Chic September 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I was just watching the latest episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians , and couldn’t take my eyes off Chris’s cutout shoulder top. I realized that this trend is too hot to not handle, and I needed to find myself one ASAP! Thanks to the luxury of internet shopping, the mission was only a few clicks away. There’s this sass & bide Skip a Beat top available at shopbop.com , this Maison Martin Margiela beige turtleneck at ssense.com , and this AZFN Keyhole top at revolveclothing.com . Only problem is, which one to choose?! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Sass & Bide. Yes and yes!
Drop It Like It’s Hot November 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks One of our fave looks ever is slicked back hair complimented with large drop earrings. Always the safest/easiest way to look chic, statement earrings are the best way to compliment turtlenecks for the fall. We’ve taken the next step, and scoured one of our fave jewelry shops, Max & Chloe , for our top exotic earring picks: Evelyn Knight Fan Earrings $50.00 Calico Juno Curved Plank Earrings $32.00 Melinda Maria Concave Teardrop Earrings $325.00 Gerard Yosca Blue Dangle Earrings $150.00 *Images courtesy of maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc,
Shoe Lust August 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Buy them here . These are so sexy! I’m lusting, too. This are very esquestrian chic. However something tells me they will be absurdly priced.
Chic Interview: It’s Her Factory September 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview Her beauty isn’t her only appeal. It’s the quirky comments, lovely video posts, and constant updates of model searches vs college term papers that make her blog so interesting and addictive. Twenty-two year old Laurel from It’s Her Factory isn’t your normal chick from Nevada, as you can probably tell by now, and that’s why we just had to interview her. Read on… Chic Intuition: Let’s get the obvious question out of the way first. You’re an aspiring model, currently finishing her college degree. What got you hooked on to the fashion world? Laurel: Well, I see the fashion as just another way of self expression – as cliché as that sounds. The industry, (along with trend and design) is constantly changing. I like the idea of being part of that, in some small way and contributing your daily style to the larger world of fashion! Chic Intuition: Is your aspiration for a career in fashion what fueled the start of a blog? Laurel: Not really, I was interested in what all of these bloggers are doing to show the world what their idea of fashion is, what inspires them and keeps them going. Starting It’s Her Factory has actually opened up my eyes to everything from modeling (crosses fingers!) to even the idea of a career in writing or technology. I think a blog can really help a person to figure out their interests and just learn more from each other. Chic Intuition: Ok scenario: you have an unlimited budget to purchase just ONE accessory. What would it be and why? Laurel: Oh dear god, I would freak if I was really given this question. So hard to decide! I would probably go with an Yves Saint Laurent Downtown Tote in black leather. Simple and timeless. Or maybe a Givenchy? Gah! My head hurts, next! Chic Intuition: How would you define your style? Is it constant or do you rotate with the trends of the season? Laurel: It tends to remain pretty constant, but when fall comes around I do get more into ‘chunky’ mode – boots, knits, coats & scarves. My wardrobe also gets a bit darker with the seasons’ turn, I love shades over color for fall/winter. Chic Intuition: Which designer are you currently digging? Laurel: Adoring designs coming out of Denmark like Ivan Grundhal, and Bruuns Bazaar. I’ve got a thing for ‘darker’ designing like Rad Hourani and Martin Margiela, too. Such great textures and structure you don’t get to see everyday. Chic Intuition: Agyness Deyn: overrated or underappreciated? Laurel: Overrated by a longshot. I think she is a phenomenal model, but she has been in the mainstream spotlight for WAY too long now. Chic Intuition: Philosophical question time: How long is too long? Laurel: Calf-length and Aggy’s career. *Images courtesy of itslasfactory.blogspot.com and cmiper.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. laurel is so fabulous! i loved this interview. shes amazing and soo funny! great interview! i love this girl. she’s oozing with sweetness and she has the most amazing legs! beautiful girl!
Cinnamon Buns? December 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Tips Is it me or do the models in the Catherine Malandrino Spring 2009 show look like they have cinnamon buns pinned to the front of their heads? Do I hate it? Hmmm not really. It’s hard to dislike anything with clothing that beautiful in the picture. Check out the chain detailed top in the middle especially- WOWZA! Anyways back on track, would you wear this look??? I can only imagine the amount of ridicule you’d get from you’re not too fashion conscious friends (everyone has at least one of those) but if you’re willing to take the risk… To get the look: 1. Straighten hair with a flatiron and apply a gloss serum. 2. Bring all hair to the front and form a ponytail similar to a uniqorn’s horn. 3. Split this ponytail into two halves and twist each half into a bun, pin, and you’re done. Make sure and try to form an S-shape with the two buns. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. these are great and if i hadn’t just cut off my hair i would totally rock it. i did a post on buns a while ago- i think its one of the best 09 beauty trends! check out my post http://dustydress.blogspot.com/2008/10/51-for-love-of-buns.html I think i’d change the look a little bit if i’d do it. I’d take my hair sleek in front and create this cinnamon bun on the back! I think it would look gorg!
A Birthday Present For You July 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Style.com’s New Faces March 30, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic These are the girls who’ve gained approval of one of the most notorious fashion websites, Style.com . There’s no question about it, they’re all gorgeous, but do they have that je ne sais quois that their predecessors Kate, Chanel, and Agyness flaunt? The site has narrowed down their faves to a list of ten, and you can find out more here . Who do you think will make it past last season’s trends and move onto the fashion forum? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Nine! They’re all gorgeous! Nine FOR SURE (: Funny how the two apparently athletic twins seriously look like death warmed over, moreso the one on the left. Perhaps it’s just the photo.Really, though, all the rest are beautiful!
Chic Interview: Cupcakes and Cashmere April 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview Who could resist not clicking through a site with a name so scrumptious? The moment we started reading Emily’s blog, we knew we were hooked. Cupcakes and Cashmere ( sigh ) is like reading the cool/stylish girl’s diary, only better. This 25 year old Los Angeles native works as an online account manager by day, and runs one of the most awesome fashion blogs by night. Take a look at what this chic stylista had to say and then head on over to her world . Chic Intuition: If you HAD to choose, what would you prefer, cupcakes or cashmere? Emily: If I had to choose between cupcakes or cashmere, I’d go with the cashmere (though a red velvet cupcake from La Provence bakery in Beverly Hills is quite a close second), especially in the form of lounge clothes. When I was in college (and very short on cash), my mom surprised me with a pair of Juicy Couture cashmere pants and they were an absolutely dream to slip into. Unfortunately, I wore them to the point where they had a massive hole in the crotch and I simply had to toss them. Chic Intuition: We noticed that you have a number of handmade jewelry that you make yourself, and we love the fact that they’re made with unexpected materials. Where do you find the time and talent for your chic creations? Emily: Thank you! I’ve always loved jewelry and I think working with slightly unexpected fabrics and stones make for the most interesting pieces. I’m about to open up my Etsy shop where I’ll be selling things like tulle and druzy agate necklaces and I think they’re really different than what you would find in just your normal boutique. It’s a great creative outlet for me as well so when I’m watching a movie it’s nice to simultaneously be productive. Chic Intuition: We know how unhealthy (on the wallet) shopping can sometimes be. But if there were a battle between internet shopping and actual store hopping, who would win in your case and why? Emily: There’s nothing better than strolling through a boutique, thumbing through clothes and spotting a piece that was made for you. Over the years though, I’ve become quite the pro at not only finding great things online, but tracking down the best price as well. With sites like Gilt Groupe , ShopItToMe and ShopStyle , it’s easy to find exactly what you want at a price that doesn’t hurt your wallet too much. Chic Intuition: So OMG moment while reading your blog: you were on an episode of THE HILLS?! Spill.details.ASAP. Emily: Ha yes, I was actually on several episodes of The Hills when I worked at Teen Vogue. I landed a job as a sales assistant with the magazine right after I graduated from college and a few months later, the MTV camera crew pretty much took over the office. The girls (L.C. and Whitney) were always sweet and it was just a fun experience watching the ways in which it was filmed and then getting to see myself on T.V. Chic Intuition: Name 3 Spring trends you’re just craving to try. Emily: For spring, I want to try and mix patterns within an outfit. I’ve always been a bit skeptical about pairing stripes with florals, but I certainly applaud those who can pull it off. I’m pretty boring when it comes to my hair styles, but I’m also anxious to try out things like multiple braids and hippie-inspired headwear. The last thing I love for spring is neon. Essie has a new nail polish collection coming out with pinks that you just want to eat right up. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how sweet is too sweet? Emily: Sweet things should always be balanced out properly. Whether that’s a light pink dress or a cupcake, you never want to go over the top. So as long as you’ve got a spiky belt or a cup of icy milk, you’ll never cross that line. *Images courtesy of cupcakesandcashmere.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Nice interview. this section is great. really excited to check out her blog. Congratulations Emily! This is a great interview. & you definitely deserve the recognition. :] Love your site and love Emily’s blog. have been following it for a while. thanks so much for the great interview! Come check out at Style Pill…get your daily dose. stylepill.wordpress.com xx I love her taste! And the pics of cupcakes in her blog made me droool! what great questions and answers! love Emily and her blog as well! OMG great answers!!
Street Chic: Paris July 10, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic When fall rolls around, I want to dress like… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Hobo of the Moment April 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Love, love, love this M Missoni Draped Hobo! Number one, the shape is versatile. Number two, the leather is draped beautifully. Number three, the size is perfect for summer. Number four, it only costs $575!!!!!!!! Need we say more? Get yours here .
Ring the Alarm November 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Sometimes all you need to add to to complete an outfit is a hot ring. I don’t know what it is but I just love huge statement rings! I actually have begun to wear three at a time a la Olsen style for an edgier look and am completely satisfied with the results. My husband also jokes that I can use them for self defense! So while in search for some new fashion conquests, I happened to stumble upon some amazing rings. Since I can’t buy all of them, I decided to be generous and share my finds with you. Enjoy! 1. Elizabeth and James Snake Ring 2. Roberto Cavalli Turquoise Cocktail Ring 3. Anna Beck Set of Stackable Rings 4. Juicy Couture R-Cameo Ring in Black 5. Femme Metale Jewelry Rectangle Ring in Silver LOVE your finds!!!
Couture Beauty Fall 2012 July 24, 2012 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Fall make up already **sign** I was just starting to enjoy the Spring trends. Oh well… love the red lips of course a Fall Classic and the icy silver eyes. Not a fan of the net-over-the-face look, how would you wear it in real life lol pretty color though 😉
Hilary Duff in the Buff February 26, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ya don’t let the title of this post freak you out, we just felt like taking racy route with it…But there actually is something nude with Hils, her lips! We are in love with the glistening gloss she has on, and decided to dedicate this post to everything radiant and pale. To get her look try these products by Benefit: Lipgloss in Curfew Lipgloss in Chaperone Color Plump Lip Pencil in Yoo Hoo Full Finish Lipstick in Ladie’s Choice *Images courtesy of justjared.com and benefitcosmetics.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She looks glorious. I wish I didn’t feel insecure every time I try the minimalist look on myself, lol. i love this look from the eyes to the cheeks to the lips. its the look i strive for when i want to look really good on the weekends…a fresh glow that still has enough boldness in the eyes. i love this site Hilary is just a Perfect woman in every which way, she’s like WOWZA!!!!!! Hilary just has such a perfect figure in every which way, she is just like “Wowza babe, come here and ride me forever and ever!!!!! I’d just love to tap that babe a lot everyday forever!!!!!
Chic Reads of the Week August 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads 5 Best Designer Shoes for Fall/Winter (Chic Stories) Conversation Pieces (Suze on Style) No Muss No Fuss Revisited-America Ferrera (Lookbook) Celebrity Look of the Day: Rachel Bilson (Couture in the City) Kristen: No More Veronica (Style Critics)
Street Style Inspiration- Stripes May 12, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic Looking at this picture made me crave one thing immensely- summer stripes! I find it funny that among a Chanel bag, leather high waist pants, and bright red nails, the striped top is what caught my precious eye. Naturally, I went on the hunt to find my own striped pieces for summer. Check ’em! 1. Tory Burch Magnus Striped Cotton-Knit Jacket 2. Thread Social Breton-Striped Jersey and Silk Dress 3. Jimmy Choo Megan Zebra Sandals 4. Maje Twist Striped Lace Top *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Marion Cotillard Makeup Chic July 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic 1. Apply some kind-a gorgeous foundation faker all over face and neck. 2. Using the smokin’ eyes kit , brush pink highlight shadow all over your eyelids. Next, using the pewter base shadow, apply color from upper lashline to browbone and along the lower lashline. Using the charcoal shadow, start at the outer corner of your lid and blend halfway inwards then out. Take the smokin’ liner and line upper lashes from the outer corner in and lower lashes from the outer corner to three quarters of the way in. Trace over liner, with the charcoal shadow. Apply eye bright to the inner corner of your eye and right below the brow. Lastly, use brow zings wax to define brow. 3. Generously brush BADgal lash black mascara onto upper and lower lashes. 4. Use a fluffy blush brush to apply CORALista blush onto the apples of your cheeks. 5. Gloss your lips with lip gloss – I’m with the band . *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Where art thou Dior? September 2, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic , Real Life Chic It’s been a while since major label Christian Dior has rolled out a knocker of a handbag. Remember the hype with the saddle-bag in ’00? I remember purchasing mine at the Dior boutique in Paris, and the store was packed with fashionistas trying to snag one!! Well, that memory seems to have faded away into my mental file cabinet with label “ past trends ” stamped on. I’ve been quietly rooting for the label to come out with an “it” bag for a while now, but seems like MJ, YSL, and Miu Miu keep coming out with hits. And don’t even try mentioning the ever-lasting Chanel classics. Dior, I’m taking this moment to make a public plea: redeem yourself! We loved you then, and we’ll love you now (if you just take the time to make something we would want to spend major mula on, and wear on a daily basis). *Images courtesy of echicas.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
If you’ve been eying a pair… November 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert 3 DAYS ONLY: Save 25% off $75 Boot Orders for women and men at endless.com. Click HERE
We Heart Freida Pinto February 27, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again, we are officially in love with Freida Pinto!!! Don’t know why? Check out how gorgeous she looks in the latest issue of India’s Cosmopolitan Magazine. Girl makes clothes look goooooooooood and we all know that isn’t easy to do. I can’t wait to see what this girl has to offer! A little bird told me she’s going to be in the next Woody Allen project… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She’s so pretty! What are the off-white and dark blue dresses’ brand names?
Burberry Prorsum Spring 2010 September 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review What can I say but L.O.V.E? The Burberry Prorsum collection for Spring 2010 is absolutely stunning. So much so that I actually had a lot of trouble picking out my favourite looks! I think the ones below, though, are a perfect representation of a collection that boasts of silky fabrics, pretty pastels, and major fabric detailing. The collection has draping, ruching, pleating, and even some type of new weaving technique that I’ve never even seen before! As always expected of Burberry Prorsum, this simple play with fabrics really turned a maybe basic collection into a smashing and dramatic affair! Bravo! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Nordstrom’s Half Yearly Sale November 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Yay yay yay! You know how much we love sales here at CI, so it’s no surprise that we’re constantly updating our readers with Sale Alerts. Today’s pick? Nordstrom’s famous savings party that only happens twice a year! So get your marks ready, set, and GO HAPPY SHOPPING! Take a look at just a small selection of our fave picks marked off: BCBG Max Azria Ombre Turtleneck Poncho $188 $109 Alice + Olivia Beaded Collar Zebra Stripe Blazer $495 $294 Free People ‘Vintage Dynasty Shift’ Satin Tunic $108 $72 Franco Sarto ‘Vegas’ Boots $170 $102 Nordstrom Five Row Toggle Bracelet $58 $37 The green dress is lovely!!!
A bucket full of studs… March 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Bucket bags are all the rage this season, seems to go well with the hippie summer vibe. But what could you add to a bucket bag that would make it that much cooler? Why, studs of course! Take a look at these 3 eerily similar picks for black bucket bags. With prices ranging from $230-$495, we’d say not too shabby for a summer staple… Marc by Marc Jacobs Party Girl Tribal Pixie Bucket Bag $398 MATT & NAT Commix Drawstring Bag $230 Jill Stuart Frida Pouchette Bag $495 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love love number two! (Haha, that’s what he said)
Chic Gifts- The Beauty Buff December 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide ‘Primpcess’ glamorous eye primping kit $34 Fendi FF Logo Cosmetics Bag $105 Betty Brushes Up On Beauty $44 Sexy Stash $58 Charter Club Set of 3 Cosmetic Bags $21 Peace Love and Glossiness gloss set $26 Dior Holiday Makeup Pallete $70 Acqua di Parma Colonia and Vaporizer Set $191
Tibi Spring 2009 September 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Loving the black jodhpur-ish look… I want those pants NOW! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Headbands April 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks One way to add a little drama and flair to simple outfit is to top it off with a chic headband. The best thing about it is that you can always pull it right off if you feel that you look out of place. I’m especially loving the new twist designers are taking on headbands like gorgeous jewels and over-sized disks. Check out our faves below. 1. 3.1 Phillip Lim Bead-Embellished Hairband 2. Philip Treacy Sculptural Bow Headpiece 3. Louis Mariette Moyra Crystal-Embellished Hairband 4. Sonia Rykiel Strass Swarovski Crystal Headband 5. Bijoux Heart Nouveau 24-Karat Gold-Plated Hairband
Clubmasters Giveaway!! November 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Yesssss! We think it’s about time to commence with the second Chic Giveaway, being the season of giving and all. We’re sure you guys have been awaiting another chance at a freebie hot item after last time’s fab Treesje clutch . Well we’re giving away a pair of Rayban Clubmasters , shades donned by all the hip celebs! Bonus: this time we’re shipping internationally !! Here are the rules of the game: Leave a comment here with a valid email address (will not be published), and one winner will be chosen at random at the end of the giveaway. One entry per person. This contest ends Tuesday, December 1st @ 7PM EST. Good luck! *Images courtesy coolspotters.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. please please please cute You could maybe pick me //fingers crossed// would loooove to win these!!! xoxo these are my dream this is awesome! I love these! omg waannnttt NICE PAIR OF RAYS! can i win? i know you want me to. :)))) i’d love to win.. I’d love to have these! they’re not even available yet in our stores.. These are seriously HOT. Rachel makes those glasses look fab. She’s so hyper cool. i want one!!ü I really love your site!! These sunglasses are so cute!! really want these… oh my gosh, these sunglasses are fabulous, i would so love to have them!!! This is seriously such an amazing contest to do! I’ve been wanting a pair of Ray Bans like these for ages!! Hope to win them. Keep up the good work Chic editors. ray-bans Soooooooooo HOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! beautiful pair of raybans! great job Chic editors! These shades are nice!… I’m sooooo loving this sunglasses!!
Get the Look: Olivia Palermo September 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ever since we saw this look on Olivia Palermo back in May, we’ve been dying to recreate it! I mean who else but Miss Palermo thinks of pairing a sequin blazer with a ballgown? The result is the epitome of edgy chic! Check out our attempt below. Oh and me thinks that the dress we chose may actually be the dress she’s wearing… What do you think? *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I think it’s the same dress too
Chic Guessing: Motorcycle Booties September 7, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which of these booties is $1160 and which is $130 ??? I think the right bootie have the price of $1160…. or am I wrong? Actually those are the $130 ones The left booties are the McQueens…yes? sadly, steve maddens version is no longer on website. so sad.
Stylish Scoop June 24, 2012 | Tags: Uncategorized *Image courtesy of nastygal.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Makeup Makes the Difference November 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic No matter how pretty you might be, if you fall under the wrong makeup artist’s hands (or your own self-taught ‘talent’), disaster might arise. Take for example, Leighton Meester. She’s a perfect beauty, right? Well look at how different she looks on the left with the raccoon eyes and dark lips combo. Her features even managed to change. But with a more natural look, she is a beauty like no other. So lesson of the day Chiceristas, less is more. Actually less is much much more! *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. why is she always beautiful? is she just really beautiful ? or just coz of her makeup? anyways, i love her singing!!!!!!!!!!!! keep up!
Chic Love: StyleQ October 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Obsessions StyleQ is the new daily destination to learn about fashion from the very people who set the trends: celebrity stylists. When visiting StyleQ you literally have the chance to be styled merely by purchasing the pieces they have for sale. Why? Because those pieces are personally selected and styled to perfection by a different well-known stylist every few months and they started with Monica Rose (one of our faves). Her choices bring you every little bit closer to achieving the looks of Catt Sadler and the Kardashian sisters with a plethora of amazing blazers, gorgeous blouses, and statement jewelry galore. We spoke to the big people behind StyleQ telling them how much we think our readers would love their vision and the pieces they have for sale and they gave us an amazing discount exclusive to Chic Intuition. Use code CHIC60 to get 60% off the entire site plus free shipping! I think I’m gonna head over there right now to beat the online crowds! Oh and be on the lookout November 4, 2009 when StyleQ completely re-launches with a new assortment, profiling Eva Longoria, Scarlett Johannson, Rihanna, and featuring two hugely popular fashion-inspired TV shows that they can’t mention yet. The only hint they could give was that one of them involves a sexy housewife who lives in a big city. Got any guesses?
Taylor Jacobson’s Alexander Wang Jacket October 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We have been flooded with emails regarding Taylor Jacobson’s style ever since the second season of RZP started! One of the inquiries was where to get the Alexander Wang jacket Taylor is wearing in the second to last episode while the gang was in Paris. Unfortunately the same one is from the past season and so it’s sold out but we found a similar and cheaper version with this Alexander Wang Faded Denim Jacket with Leather Sleeves . Finally we can get a little piece of Taytay! God knows it’s been tough! *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. http://www.urbanoutfitters.com/urban/catalog/productdetail.jsp?itemdescription=true&itemCount=60&startValue=301&selectedProductColor=&sortby=&id=17029745&parentid=SALE_W_CLOTHING_TOPS&sortProperties=+subCategoryPosition,+product.marketingPriority,-product.startDate&navCount=114&navAction=poppushpushpush&color=&pushId=SALE_W_CLOTHING_TOPS&popId=SALE_W_CLOTHING&prepushId=SALE_W
Navajo Sweater Chic January 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Splurge on the Twelfth St. by Cynthia Vincent Oversized Navajo Sweater or Steal on the ASOS Blanket Wrap Cardigan . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic Combo of the Month October 26, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the outfit on the far right! The detail on her pants is divine. Is she wearing skinny pants or leggings? And any idea who they are by? Ya aren’t they hot? I saw an extrememly similar pair of leggings at Zara. I’m pretty sure those are hers Story of my life! The was like my uniform for an entire week to campus! Just switch up the pants and tops with 2 jackets! LOL Love!
Sale, Sale, Sale! May 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Proenza Schouler Ps1 Satchel Debate November 15, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks , Not Chic We’re kind of on the fence with this Proenza Schouler Ps1 Multicolor Pouchette Satchel and aren’t sure what to think. We’re huge fans of the PS1, and have never shyed away from stating it. But there’s just something off with this bag. Maybe it’s the pattern, maybe it’s the color combination, maybe it’s just the fact that we’re kind of starting to get bored of its shape? What do you guys think, yay or nay? i don’t like it in this version, i prefer it in black! I invite you to enter my JEFFREY CAMPBELL LITA WORLDWIDE GIVEAWAY ON MY BLOG, CLICK HERE It is Fugly….. end of story Not feeling this one
And the winner is…. December 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert KIMBERLY NGO! You’ve won yourself a pair of the most coveted shades out there, the Ray Ban Clubmasters. We’re sure you’re going to enjoy many a mornings out in these babies, and don’t forget to send us a pic of you rocking them Chic Intuition style! For the rest of you who entered, better luck next time…
Shopbop Pick of the Day September 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Can you believe the price tag on this BB Dakota Whitman Dress ? Totally looks like something Victoria Beckham would wear… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gilt Fuse August 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We can’t believe that we totally forgot to mention this to you guys earlier. Two weeks ago we recieved an email from Gilt Groupe informing us of some awesome news. Do you want to save even more on their already slashed off prices? Well, now you can with their latest project: Gilt Fuse. Just like Gilt, there’ll be a whole new lineup of fashion, just for women. And here’s the difference: the prices will be much lower and will feature a wider range of styles to mix and match. Only members of Gilt Groupe will be able to check it out before the fall. First sales start August 12! If you’re not already a member, click here for an exclusive invite . *Image courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Celebrity Obsessions October 18, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Just something I happened to notice… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Summer Hair Trend: Headband Braids June 14, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s a super easy-to-do hairstyle & extremely summer worthy, plus super stylish. Take a look at the celebs that are donning it for the red carpet, even though it can be worn casually as well. How? Just part your hair in the middle and divide into 2 sections. Loosely braid each part and secure with a thin elastic band that matches the color of your hair. Take each braid, and pin it to the top of your head. Voila, perfect & simple! *Image courtesy of bellasugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love this hair do, in fact im wearing it today!! You can see me whenever you have time in my blog. Im mad about yours;)
Kate Bosworth Chic April 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Can you believe that this photo take of Kate is actually not in a studio and/or photoshopped?! The blonde beauty looks dashing…at Coachella! We are loving her LnA Muscle Tee , the hot yellow See by Chloe jelly sandals (which come in a ton of hot colors), and her light washed jeans . We are seriously starting to think that the girl is paid to promote Chloe, she always has something in her outfit by the line, even when she’s just chilling! Lucky girl! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have the same thoughts about her and Chloe as well ha. maybe she just adores that brand so much she has to wear a bit of it every single day. She’s beautiful. is there any other brand that offers the same sandal? Bibi- You can try these Givenchy Shoes Cutout Jelly Flats. Oooo I want the givenchy ones! they are so cute!
Sorta Seeing Double! July 29, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Buy them both here . I WOULD GO WITH the originals ANY DAY. $700 but still SO worth it… I mean, look at all the details that are on the Chloe Sevigny ones. This reminds me that I need to get a job to afford these :(.
Erin Fetherston’s Dinner Party March 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic A couple of days ago we posted a review on MTV’s latest show: House of Style. Though we weren’t big fans of Bar Rafaeli hosting, the segment that stuck in our heads was mystical designer Erin Fetherston’s dinner party. MTV featured Erin hosting an intimate dinner party for 8 at her Tribeca apartment in celebration of her Fall 2009 Collection for her friends and muses who helped inspire the collection. Guests included Chanel Iman, photographer Ellen von Unwerth, Sarah Sophie Flicker, Kate Schelter and model Ingrid Sophie Schram. All of the guests had a specific dresscode, Erin’s Fall Collection of course! In addition, we loved the setting, quirky mask headbands, and Erin’s apartment. Take a look at some lovely snapshots of the event, maybe you’ll be inspired to host a fairytale soiree with friends! *Images courtesy of bpcm.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rihanna Chic July 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Seriously, can you ever get enough of this girl’s style? We literally have to hold ourselves back from re-creating her outfit posts on a daily basis. But honestly, we couldn’t help ourselves here, her look was so easy to let pass by. You can get her awesome Alexander Wang bag here , a similar sheer blouse , cropped jeans shorts , and oxford flats here . Also, we can almost swear that she’s wearing this multi-chain bracelet by Giles & Brother. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. effortlessly chic:)
Cheap Chic: Eyelet Studded Boots January 3, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic Splurge here and steal here . I like the cheap ones more Gosh, I want those Docs!
Spring 2010 Makeup Trend October 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The International Sale has Begun! June 20, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert you guys always know the best sales! my credit card does NOT say thank you!!!!
Celebs love… August 4, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Vest Love! July 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Tweet Tweet!! August 20, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized
Embellished Stems July 14, 2012 | Tags: Chic Find Ever since spotting the embellished pant look on Nicole Richie we haven’t been able to get it out of our minds. It really is the perfect way to take a simple blazer and top to a whole new level. These Three Floor Finder’s Keepers Trousers instantly caught my attention when doing my usual internet window shopping that always turns into actual shopping… The look is definitely trendy in a less risky sort of way and the price tag is pretty darn reasonable. I can almost hear the sound of my credit card jumping out right about NOW! I love the pants. Where did you find them? Please disregard my previous comment, I seemed to have overlooked the link. The pants are just lovely, can’t wait to get my hands on them!
Chloe Sevigny Chic May 7, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Remember when us Chics went nuts over this pic of Chloe Sevigny at a premiere? Well we are finally happy to report that we’ve finally found a pair of similar leopard print harem pants! As soon as I laid eyes on these babies, I knew I had to recreate her look even though it was almost six months ago! Check out our attempt below. ﻿﻿ Dr Denim Slouch Tee Warehouse Spray Effect Leather Jacket Carvela Ava Platform Heeled Sandal Animal Print Hareem Trousers *Image courtesy of glamour.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Louboutinization March 5, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com .
Reason # 14,964 We Heart Shopbop September 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert shopbop.com Are Canadians allowed to enter!!??! I hope so!! Stop discriminating against us damnit! LOL
Balancing Act August 28, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic You’ve got to give them major cred. Every time we see one of the Olsen’s dashing around and making more millions, they are always balancing 3+ items in one hand. Mind you, one of the items almost always consists of a Starbucks iced latte, but that’s besides the point. Actually, no it isn’t. In fact, it proves my point even more valid. Have you ever seen an Olsen drop her divine ‘bucks??? I haven’t. In fact I credit the girls for making this coffee chain a pop culture obsession. Now, time for my ponderings: do the twins have special powers that not only allow them to magically juggle numerous items in one hand, but also look extremely stylish while doing it?? Answer is up to you. *Images courtesy of olsen-fan.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Quote July 16, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic “Of course I smile. It’s just that they don’t use those pictures. It’s a better story to say that I’m a miserable cow. I get it.” Victoria Beckham *Image courtesy of allure.com.
Get the Look: The Olsens’ Leopard Coat January 12, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve admired the Olsens’ leopard coat numerous times, even to show that the love for it is shared between them . The more and more they don it, the more and more we realize we really want a leopard coat of our own. Thanks to Motel this dream is a possibility at a reasonable price! Can’t wait to sport my leopard spots in fashion week *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love! Speaking of coats, I bought one in Mango today. LOVE!
Love.Love.Love October 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find The recipe to a shoe that makes you go ‘ooh’: Take a little wedge. Make it a bit higher. Mix in some studs. Viola! Check it out here . *Image courtesy of its respective link.
Ksubi Spray On Skinny Jeans November 17, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Love love loving these new additions to shopbop ! The jeans would add spark to any boring winter day in our opinion, just make sure everything else is in tones of nude. Our only issue? Which one to choose!? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Trend on the Street: Round Shades March 3, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Take a look at a huge selection of round sunglasses here . *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thank goodness I bought one. Love ’em!
Chic Guessing- Blazer Bonanza! May 2, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic All these blazers are under $200. Can you guess who designed them? Give up? Click here . Gotta love the boyfriend jacket.
Celebs love… April 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of justjared.com and nrichienews.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. balmaiiiiiiin I love these! I made some myself a few months ago from an old pair of jeans — cheap and easy!!
No, No, No! January 16, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Lady Gaga proves that copying Paris Hilton can never lead to any good! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Jenny’s Sweater September 30, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic After posting a little musing about Jenny Humphrey’s new style on Gossip Girl , we were truly surprised by how many of you left comments in admiration of her new look and that hot striped sweater! Well we did some research and were able to figure it out. Of course our friends at Singer 22 ended up having it as they are always ‘in the know’ about the latest celebrity pieces. Anyways, it’s the Jamison Rollins Stripe Wrap Hooded Sweater in Pepper for those of you who’ve been wondering. Lastly, to make things clear, we never said we hated Jenny’s new style (we actually also L.O.V.E her sweater) but were just wondering what happens in the upcoming episodes to make her go from oh so prep to so grunge. Guess we’ll all just have to wait and see… *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphic courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love this jacket!!
Goin’ out with a bang! May 20, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Tips If you follow us on Twitter , you’ll know that one of us Chic eristas has been contemplating bangs for quite some time. Most of you said to go for it, so I’ve decided to take the plunge. Question is, what style bangs should I cut? After a bit of research, I was happily surprised to find that InStyle.com did a full breakdown on bang types by face shape. Thank goodness my side-swept bangs theory work with my face… *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Spring Couture Goes To… February 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The Chanel rose thing reminds me of this kids show we used to watch! I can’t for the life of me remember what it is though..
Phillip Lim Fall 09 February 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Alexander Wang Jewelry February 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Along with his presentation of the Fall 09 line, Alexander Wang debuted his greatly anticipated jewelry pieces. We have to admit that when we saw an image of the bracelet a couple of weeks back, we weren’t really digging the Boeing 777 on our wrists kinda theme. But after spotting these freakishly fun earrings, and seeing the bracelet in action, we have to admit that they’re kinda hot; will surely garner an interesting convo in any situation. Dibs to Mr Wang for breaking the boundaries of design and taking that extra step…as usual. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cheap Monday Sunglasses April 14, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Known for their cheap denim, the synonymously named brand has now come out with a line of sunglasses. Of course, following the theme of the label, the sunglasses are also quite affordable at $30 a pop. We’re loving every single pair, and heck we can even afford to buy all four for the price of one designer brand pair, and just when we thought we were getting over our addiction. Check them out at shopbop.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Free Shipping on Steve Madden November 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert From today, November 19th, to Thursday November 20th Steve Madden is offering Free Shipping on all orders no matter how big or small! So if you’ve been eying a pair of shoes for a while, this is the perfect nudge for you to go ahead and splurge (they also have a great sale selection). Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of stevemadden.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Time for Taylor September 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Yes, it’s that time of the week where we feature something Taylor- ageous ( Get it? Taylor+outrageous? Oh. Never mind ). At first we thought we’d be tuning into the Rachel Zoe Project to avidly take notes on the stylist’s fashion, only to find ourselves in a trance over her styling associate’s outfits. Last week, by the way fab episode, we couldn’t help but wonder what bag she was carrying. A Birkin? Mullberry? No ladies, it’s a classic Chanel tote, and it’s just divine. We never would have picked this bag to be a winner (at least not for someone over the age of 65), but after witnessing it in action on the show, well… the bag deserves its own credit at the end of the episode! Very chic alternative to the 2 year wait-listed Hermes. *Images courtesy of chanel.com and bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Inspiration Chic: Feathered Flurry December 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Haute Hippie Tank Dress with Ostrich Skirt Haute Hippie Ostrich Skirt *Images courtesy of yvanrodic.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh, nice. I saw JLo in something similar.
Chic Cellular June 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Oh my, do people even use the word cellular anymore? Feels so elegant, the word just rolls off your tongue. Mobile phones have always stood as a fashion accessory since the days of Carrie and her pink flip phone, so it’s no surprise that girls love to add a little oomph to their phones with colorful covers. Most of the time, some covers tend to be too bright or blingy, but these indie inspired iPhone covers are just right. Designed by DANNIJO ( one of our fave jewelry designers ) for Uncommon, this print iPhone cover protects your iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS with reinforced impact zones and shatterproof polycarbonate. Dockable capsule design, black screen bezel, and easy-access button covers. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. where is the Blackberry love?
Bree Van de Kamp’s Blouse October 16, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic After I saw the third episode of this season of Deperate Housewives, I couldn’t get Bree’s blouse from the dinner scene out of my head. Something about the color and the style looked so regal on her and oh so couture! Frankly, I thought I wouldn’t be able to find it at all because I instantly assumed it was straight off the runways. Well, lo and behold, I ended up finding it and it was actually not bad price-wise. If you’re also interested to know, she’s wearing a D&G Dolce & Gabbana Ruffle Blouse Grosgrain Ribbon Back Tie in Blush . Now I can finally rest tonite knowing I found it… What a relief! *Images courtesy of abc.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The Rocco is the New Coco November 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Everyone, and we mean every one, was a huge fan of the Alexander Wang Coco Duffel bag when it first came out. The lucky fashionista to get her hands on it before everyone else? Why, MK Olsen of course. We remember the day the emails came swarming in inquiring about the ‘ hot bottom studded bag ‘ or the ‘ cool pebbled leather duffel ‘. The mission to ID it was quite impossible at first, since she donned it before it even made its runway appearance. After that, frenzy ensued. So it’s no surprise that the people over at Alexander Wang emailed us today about a new version of the bag called the Rocco Mini Duffel bag with 4 colors/fabric options. Surprise! If you’re interested, you better hurry. The gray leather already sold out. Wangsteristas are rough! *Images courtesy of alexanderwang.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gobble Gobble! November 26, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Best. Meal. Ever.
Inspired by Emma Watson’s Teen Vogue Shoot June 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Clockwise from top right: *Images courtesy of teenvogue.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. That shoot is beautiful beyond words. The styling is flawless and Emma looks stunning. loved it ^^ xxx from kissmequick
The top… August 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Spring Trend: Ruffled Skirts February 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love this trend! Now, which look above do I love the most? …it’s so hard to decide!
Hot or Not??? February 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll After seeing this picture of Katie Holmes at the Valkyrie premiere in Brazil, I can’t help but feel perplexed by her outfit choice. On one hand, it’s a beautiful vintage Lacroix and I love the unusual mixing of red, green, and blue together. On the other hand, though, I can’t help but feel that something about it looks off and a little costumey. Could it be that she styled the dress all wrong with her ballet style bun (can’t help but be reminded of The Nutcracker) and strappy sandals? I guess they were both too formal and sleek with that kind of dress… It’s funny how Katie has an amazing clothing budget, body, and face and yet her outfits always tend to bomb over the tiniest of details. What do you guys think? Hot or soooooooooo Not? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. not not not those colors are very hard to pull… even if it is a lacroix… i agree that her hair is not suitable and it does not belong with that dress; she should have gone with a more playful style, something more wild; but the sandals are ok… the dress demands a lot of attention so she had to play it subtle and after all she’s in brazil so it kinda makes sense I’ll give it a go for the bold choice of color after seeing her in all black for the previous red carpet events. It is a nice change If her hairstyle was a bit more relaxed, I think the outfit would look smashing! i agree, looks like she was going for some sort of Latin flavor. it’s a “meh” for me. she CAN, and HAS done so much better. This is a big miss for me. Please, BraSil!!! Lol well I live in Rio n they’re very pretty!!! I saw Suri on the beach!!! =D the length and colors are off… and I don’t like her shoes either… the outfit is just not right even though I can’t quite put my finger on it…
Balmain’s New Boots July 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find It seems like lately we are all Balmain obsessed. So much so that we will literally regard anything introduced by Balmain as absolutely revolutionary. I guess it does help that the pieces are actually quite gorgeous. In terms of footwear, there was the fringe boot, the studded sandal, the nero gladiator, and now the zipped ankle boot. I personally think it’s hot but not as original as the others… What do you think??? Buy them here . I think them of wonderful. gorgeous kiss
Kate Moss for Topshop October 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Review “Christmas is coming and so is Kate!” On October 28th (exactly 6 days people), get ready for the latest Kate Moss for Topshop collab. It’s full of “vintage-inspired blouses, brocade trousers, and floorsweeping sequined gowns”. Make sure to check out Kate’s interview for Time Magazine (info like how she gets ready for a night out with the girls) and then take a look at the preview dress. Great quality, as you can see, it’s still intact after Kate majorly partied it up! *Images courtesy of dailymail.co.uk and daylife.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Gifts- The Bargain Fashionista December 11, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Gift Guide Every single one of us has that one friend that loves fashion but at the same time lives for a bargain. Well look no further people because we have the perfect gift for you- the gift of a Gilt Groupe membership ! This amazing site (which we’ve been members of for quite some time) offers exclusive daily sample sales so you never have to get up off your seat to shop good deals. Designers featured include See by Chloe, Milly, Pour La Victoire, Marc Jacobs… the list is endless! Here’s our personal invitation for you to become a professional full-fledged bargain fashionista! Enjoy. aw! only Americans
Mini City Bag July 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find We are huge supporters of Foley + Corinna. We think that their Mid-City tote is a divine creation, and actually have proof of some hot shot big names who’ve tried to rip off similar styles. Well, like they say, imitation is the best form of flattery right? We’re guessing that after the success of the former mentioned, F + C decided to come out with a much smaller, messenger version called the Disco City Bag . And guess what, we’re in love! Why haven’t they thought of it any sooner? The size is just perfect for your wallet, sunnies, and mobile, and the messenger strap adds a whole other comfort factor to the bag. You can get one here for $198. *Image courtesy of shopbop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Ibiza Edition July 14, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Perfect Unison August 27, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. if thats her boyfriend…then shes one lucky lady! he’s the lucky one! she’s so stylish and cute! oh, homeless chic
Christian Siriano’s Shoe Line February 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Here’s a glimpse into Christian ‘FIERCE’ Siriano’s Fall 09 line as well as his upcoming shoe collection, a collaboration with Payless . His inspiration this upcoming season was Hieroglyphic Egyptian elements, which he claims are ‘ darker, edgier, and cooler ‘. Take a look below:
Street Chic: Colorful Necklace January 22, 2012 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic To get the look, try: DANNIJO Dylan Bib Necklace CC SKYE Neon Multi Chain Necklace Adia Kibur Multi-Strand Neon Bead & Crystal Necklace *Images courtesy of carolinesmode.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Cheap Chic a la Sienna Miller June 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic While we always give you a dose of celeb chic from time to time, the pieces they wear are usually of the designer family and are thus not always affordable… This time we decided to do things differently and look for a bargain from the start. Instead of telling you exactly what Sienna is wearing, we decided to look for similar pieces at the always dependable UO . Check out are picks and tell us you aren’t seeing double!!! BDG Extra Long 2×1 Boytank $18 Kimchi Blue Black Long Party Blazer $78 Silence & Noise Drapey Woven Harem Pant $48 Jeffrey Campbell Cuff Heel $98 The best part? The total of $242 for the whole outfit!!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love this idea, usually can barely afford half the things on the website! This is perfectly put together – really making me consider the white drop crotch pants.
Sneek Peak: Elizabeth & James Shoes February 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Remember way back when we mentioned that the Olsens were in talks with Steve Madden for an E&J shoe line? Well apparently Mary Kate isn’t playing coy, she was spotted front row at Proenza Schouler showing off a pair. The stylish designer coordinated her turquoise dress and white Elizabeth and James blazer with a pair of black suede wedge heels from the new shoe line due out this spring. Mary-Kate’s pair are actually a prototype directly from the factory and is the line’s take on an ankle bootie. What do you think of it? *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I was smitten the minute i saw it! her ankle is disgusting. they are gorg! Fabulous shoes, but I have to agree with Jenny D – what is going on with her ankle?! Haha I love the shoe but I agree with Jenny bout her ankle!
Stylish in ‘The City’ August 27, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Who else can’t wait for the second season of our fashion fave reality show? Obviously by now you know we are fans, and what we love more than the drama is watching what Whitney and her friends choose to don episode after episode. We hear that the new characters (one of them, Roxy, seen below) are not only a fashionable force to be reckoned with, but quite the rebels! Yaay, more drama for us! We loved this recent pic taken of show’s duo, and just had to re-create their looks for less. Enjoy! Forever21 Splatter Front Knot Tank $14 Converse Ox $45.50 Delia*s Taylor Low-Rise Jean Short $25.50 Jessica Simpson “Jimmy” Boho-Chic Cross-Body Bag $88 Priorities “Loraine” Boyfriend Blazer $99 Forever21 Rose Tank Knit Dress $16 Free People Corset Heels $198 Big Buddha “Julia” North-South Tote $92 *Images courtesy of gossipcenter.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I really love your blog. Especially when you do posts like this!! Maria x http://www.myeverywish.blogspot.com
Revolve Clothing Chic August 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks If someone were to ask me what my top 5 online shopping boutiques were, I’d have to include Revolve Clothing . Their products are so versatile in style and price, that it would be my one stop choice for last minute fashion emergencies. Whether you’re on the lookout for a hot t-shirt, or a great cocktail dress, this is the site to visit. I’m really into the unique brands they sell as well, like A Common Thread, American Vintage, and Fremont. Check out our top picks: Kenneth Jay Lane Two Row Stone Gold Geometric Cuff Sass & Bide A Backward Glance Cropped Parka in Black Kerri Wilder Peace Cuff Bracelet in Gold T-Bags Bib Front Top in Pewter HayLuv Sacred Love Necklace Long Chain in Gold D&G Dolce & Gabbana Lily Multi Zippers Satchel in Cognac Mason by Michelle Mason Hooded Overcoat in Smoke *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
MTV Movie Awards Notties June 1, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Megan Fox: Regardless of the occasion or her how pretty her dress is, she always manages to look skanky! Lauren Conrad: Maybe the dress not fitting was a sign LC. Next time, don’t force it! Kristin Stewart: The only thing worse than the ‘I’m not trying too hard’ look? The ‘I’m trying to look like I’m not trying too hard’ look. Rumer Willis: A pop art project gone very very wrong! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. When I saw Kristen Stewart in converse I was a little shocked, but apparently she twisted her ankle and thus couldn’t wear heels. Well, I personally like her dress but that’s just me. And what IS up with Megan Fox always looking skanky? That hair… i love laurens style so much better when shes not trying so hard
Beanie Babies January 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of people.com, thefindbuzz.com and fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love love love beanies. all colors all designs. eeuuw Miley…
Another Reason We Love Michelle Obama… April 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of people.com and instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i dont like her style at all For a First Lady, we heart it! Don’t forget she can’t be that trendy, since she needs to give off a semi-conservative vibe :). But if you compare her to other females in politics, she rates pretty high in our books style-wise. so not true, look at her pic on the right, VERY UNFLATTERING !!! how would YOU wear Michelle? I think she’s way too elegant compared to other First Ladies…
Givenchy Couture Spring 2009 January 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that black dress…is going to be the end of me!!!
JC Love November 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks
Genius is… October 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Available at shopbop.com . only just stumbled on this blog y/day and i’m in love already. great stuff!
Louis Vuitton Accessories Chic February 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Weren’t these images the best?? aggghhh! i am coveting those ridic men’s bags too! just posted about them! if i were a boyyyyy…. http://highendrearend.wordpress.com/2010/02/01/if-i-were-a-boy/
Chokered December 13, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Dying over this necklace!! And a little birdie told us they are running out fast! Check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Buzz-Kill? July 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll Lately, it seems like the new trend with celebrities is to go edgy by shaving a little bit of head. It started with Cassie, then Carmen Electra, then Rihanna, and now Solange Knowles. I personally, think Solange took it a little too far. Especially since, unlike the others, her style is not necessarily super-edgy but more trendy and divalicious. I think it’s mostly the shock factor that encourages these girls to go for that extra buzz. What do you think? Would you do it??? *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. definitely a no-no for me..besides fmo punky hairstyles don’t always hit if off with all facial shapes..o.0 I hate saying mean things online. I do believe if you don’t have anything nice to say then don’t say anything at all but Chic Intuition you are the exception to this rule since you make me laugh everyday with your oh so honest opinions that are not always so nice! I’m not impressed with this hair style it’s a play on the faux hawk and we’ve seen enough of that. I do think that Carmen looks crazy, Rihanna looks like Rihanna, Cassie looks like she is gonna really regret it when it starts to grown back, LA LA Vasquez No No and Solange just looks like she is a day late and a dollar short! But this is JMO! No way would I ever do that! Rhianna’s looks the best. It goes with her style. But Carmen, where the hell did that come from?! There’s something about all the no talent hacks in Hollywood and shaving their heads. It’s called a PS! All these girls are nothing but exhibitionists. They all have zero talent so they have to get attention somehow. OMG ! These punky haircuts are NOT cool ! I repeat not cool at all ! Whats wrong with those pretty girls ? I understand they try to be extravagant , but dont they have mirrors at their homes blahhh. Cutting your hair off and exposing the natural texture is not for attention! Geez…. I wore my hair in locs for 7 years and it grew down to my waist…it was my natural hair, no weave, no extensions, all mine. But I cut mine after 7 years because it felt heavy. I felt weighed down. And I felt trapped in the “I have to have long hair to be considered cute” syndrome. Interestingly, I didn’t have any guys look at me any more for having real, natural, long hair than when I cut it off. B
Golden Globes Hotties January 16, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. jessica alba looked gorg and chic too!! loved her look! oh and salma hayek too! I second Jessica and Salma.
Stella McCartney Spring 2010 October 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review If you know anything about us Chics, you would know that we absolutely love Stella McCartney! She is the woman that made us fall in love with the boyfriend blazer all over again and the one who managed to convince us that synthetic leather is just as good as the real thing. Well her Spring 2010 line is no exception! The pieces are extremely wearable and present the perfect mix of masculine and feminine details. I’m especially digging the lace accents and the striking cobalt color and who could have imagined that the denim skirt could actually look cool? Just one more of many reasons to be excited about Spring! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Au Naturale September 4, 2012 | Tags: Makeup Chic Great news for those of you makeup haters, the bare face is back and with a vengance! A numerous amount of the Fall 2012 runways were filled with natural faces, and we have to admit that we’re loving this fresh approach to beauty. *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Jourdan Dunn Chic January 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of tigerbites.blogspot.com, nymag.com, vogue.com, venusasboy.files.wordpress.com, stylefrizz.com, and style.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Luv the her and luv the collage!
Fall 2010 Runway Trend March 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips While attending NYFW last month I couldn’t help but notice a few recurring trends. One of them is layering a strapless dress over a long sleeve top and we call it the ultimate recessionista fix. What better way to make use of your spring dresses than by transitioning them into fall pieces with a long sleeve top and some dark hued tights? Now you don’t have to feel guilty splurging a little on that perfect dress. Don’t you love how we help make your shopping guilt-free? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Diggin tibi!
Hayden Panettiere Chic July 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic With her full on the way to promoting her latest movie, Hayden Panettiere sported two totally opposite looks to Regis & Kelly and David Letterman. Though the looks are as different as day and night, they both have a huge factor in common: their wow-ness !! We are loving her as a light chiffon goddess, and dark edgy vixen. Just goes to show you that dressing outside your usual style comfort zone can garner great results. Bravo Hayden (and your stylist)! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
People of UK, rejoice! July 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week February 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Michelle Obama: Love It or Shove It (Chic Stories) Misfits 2 (Le Fashion) 2009 Oscar Fashion- Amy Adams Deconstructed (My Lookbook) The Art of Malin (Style Critics) Rosario Dawson Times Style Magazine Fashion Spring 2009 (Style Frizz)
Ashley Olsen Chic August 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks The other day I was browsing through one of my fave blogs , when I noticed these rad woven flats that Ashley Olsen was wearing. She seems to be quite the fan of loafers, and these otherwise granny style shoes are starting to grow on me as well. Just make sure to follow Ashley’s lead and wear them with ankle length skinnies to avoid looking 40 years older. I went on a wild goose chase, and found a much cheaper alternative to her’s, these FRYE flats for $158. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and endless.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m practically drooling. Those looks soo comfortable!
Africana Appeal May 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We love helping out the environment whenever we can, and what better way than to don reusable bags. For grocery shopping, or just lugging things around, cotton bags are the best option. The only thing missing from most of these bags is the fashion factor. That’s why we jumped to joy when we spotted these $38 shoppers on shopbop.com . Handcrafted by artisans in Rwanda, this print cotton handbag features double handles and is roomy enough for your daily errand runs. Loves it. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I.Want.Now. July 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Picture this: A flowy chiffon maxi dress in the colors of the summer sunset. Her hair is wavy perfection. Nothing with her looks over-done. Her brightly painted toe nails are snuggly fit into tan gladiator sandals. And the only accessory she’s adorned with is this … *Image courtesy of singer22.com .
Right on Target! September 1, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks So yesterday I rushed into Target with my husband to get a few things. Mission: Stock up on food and other stuff from Target. Time: 15 mins!!! Obviously I didn’t get a chance to take a close look at the new Target Go International collection but the stuff I got to see from afar, I really liked. Of course as soon as I got home I rushed online, where I knew my shopping time wouldn’t be limited, and perused the entire line. The verdict: the tops for this line win hands down and below are some of my favourites. Check it out and choose yours here . *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Sugar Rush March 31, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic With our love of Benefit Cosmetics , it’s a surprise we aren’t actually employed by them. I literally find myself walking around and promoting their products to my friends and relatives. Whether it be their colognes (I’m currently rocking the LeeLee scent), their concealors (I swear by Boi-ing ), or their makeup, we always give them the Benefit of the doubt! ( Like how we did that, didn’t you?) The latest product I’ve had my eye on is their SugarBomb face powder. It gives you the perfect pink flush to compliment the summer clothing colors. Just swirl the 4 flattering shades of peach, soft plum, shimmering pink and rose powders together and sweep on cheeks for a sweet rush of gorgeous… *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
When the stylist goes away… July 18, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Heidi Klum does not know how to street-wear play. I’ve been keeping a close eye on Ms Project Runway and have to admit, her street style disappoints. She manages to look sensational on her fashion designer competition show, but once the cameras are off (and the stylist has gone) she looks…sloppy. Now don’t go hating on us, and we know a lot of you will argue that she’s also a full time mom in addition to her other 38,495 jobs, but she seems to take her 4 year old daughters fashion advice when it comes to matching her outfit pieces. Heidi, we love your perky personality and reality show, but we really can’t seem to swallow your personal casual style…Sowwy! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: Gilded February 16, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Anna!!!!
Something to make you feel better this weekend. December 6, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Models before and after they hit the Gucci runway in Milan… *Images courtesy of nymag.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. WOW
Nicole Richie’s House of Harlow Necklace December 11, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic So ever since I saw this picture of Nicole at the UNICEF lighting ceremony in Beverly Hills (which I was planning to go to btw) I haven’t been able to get one thing out of my head- her gorgeous necklace! Something about the black color combined with the geometric shapes makes this the perfect statement necklace in my book. The funny thing is that I thought it must be by some hotshot designer and was surprised to discover that it’s actually from Nicole’s House of Harlow line! After a long time waiting, it’s finally available for pre-order here . Also, make sure to check out the other newly available pieces such as the superhot double strand gold headband. Happy Shopping *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
If only… November 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find If only Jessica Simpson’s style was as edgy as her shoe line… Jessica Simpson “Salina” Pump Jessica Simpson “Striker” Sandal Jessica Simpson “Brenda2” Pump *Image courtesy of macys.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I totally agree. Those sandals are hot. Jessica should drop the boho+country look, or do it properly… she used to be stylish once.
Bobbi Brown Sparkle Eyeshadow December 7, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic What better way to celebrate the holidays than with a little glimmer and shimmer? We love this shade because its not too bright and not too glittery. The perfect tone that matches any skin color and highlights anyone’s eyes. Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Emmy Style Winners September 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I totally co-sign. They all look gorgeous.
Flat out Fantastic January 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks What’s fantastic you might ask? Well, the fact that flats are finally coming back into style for 2010!! Can I hear you tall chic-eristas clapping?! Well I’m with you guys on that one. Being a vertically blessed fashionista myself, these past few seasons were harsh on me. Where the best of the shoe bunch were always 4+ inches high, I felt constantly deprived of my stylista rights. Now that all the big names in the industry are pairing their outfits with flats or kitten heels, I finally feel that I’m in full fashion control of my situation. So ladies, come Spring just throw on a flowy dress, swipe some nude bronzer on your cheeks, and flip flop away! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Why don’t you post more afforadable brands, like Chinese Laundry? We do. http://www.chicintuition.com/?p=3164
Shopbop Pick of the Day August 30, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Today’s pick has a lot to do with our current ring obsession. The fact that’s it so stylish and so budget friendly makes this Low Luv x Erin Wasson Aztec Finger Ring a no brainer purchase. Loves it! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Happy Happy Joy Joy! September 1, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized Why thank you dawwwling
Balmain for Less August 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Ladies, how stoked are you by the above image? It’s from the Zara Autumn/Winter 2010!! Wow, talk about giving the public what they want. I’ve been in awe of the original, but not willing to put down the hefty bucks for a blazer. Thank you Zara, for making my trendy dreams come true. Loves it. *Image courtesy of nitrolicious.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Is this out, yet? I went to zara in Nor Cal yesterday and I didn’t find any strong shoulder items they still have lots of items on sale. Nooooooooooo freaking wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy! I can’t wait!!!
Inspired by SaTC Season 5 September 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Fashionwise, Season 5 is one of my personal faves on Sex & the City. Why you may ask? Well the fact that Carrie chopped off her famous frizzy locks and opted for modernized glamour curls made me fall in love with short hair. In addition, Patty Field seemed to have solved the equation for mix-matched chic for this season. She started the whole stripes and florals trend, in addition to making it ok to wear your intimates as outerwear. Take a look at how we were inspired to interpret 2002 clothes to today. From top: *Images courtesy of hbo.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Great post! Xoxo M
Ask Chic: Rachel Bilson’s Hat September 3, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Huong writes: “I love your blog and if there’s one thing I love. It’s your ability to identify an item or at least find a similar substitute. Well I spotted this on Rachel Bilson, do you know where I can find that adorable hat? I have to have it!!” Thanks Huong, honestly we try our best . It was a pretty easy task to find out who Rachel’s bowler hat is by, but we have to admit there’s some bad news. Her Chanel Petite Felt Bowler goes for a whopping $1125! Yep, we know that only celebs are willing to put down that kind of cash for an accessory that they’ll probably wear 1-3 times ( if they didn’t get it for free by the designer). So we searched a bit more for some similar options. Happy Shopping! Fred Flare Wool Felt Bowler $30 Topshop Bowler Hat $44 V&A Men’s Black Bowler Hat $57 *Images courtesy of fashionesedaily.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thanks a bunch guys! Always so dependable!! <3 Love the alternatives!!
Winter Wonderland II November 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We’ve decided to dedicate a few posts to some blog-worthy holiday dress picks. Anything with bling, that clings, and makes you wanna sing is our kinda dress! ( Yes, the holidays are also an excuse for corny one liners ). Take a look at our second pick for a Winter Wonderland worthy dress by one of our personal fave designers, Thread Social . We accessorized it with these Juicy Couture Studs , this Fallon Cuff , and added hot pumps by Rock & Republic with these Falke Family Tights . We can honestly gaurantee that you’ll be the talk of the town with this outfit. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
LNA Sale at Singer February 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Guessing January 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Can you guess which is the $497 version and which turtleneck is for $25 ? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The one at 25$ is more cute 😛
Tibi Fall 2010 February 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review , Fashion Week Chic Another one of our Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week faves was definitely the Tibi 2010 show. It might have helped that Olivia Palermo herself was sitting right across from us. Honestly the both of us couldn’t stop staring! As soon as the show started, though, our focus directly shifted to the amazing clothing. Number one, can we say amazing pants??? Really Tibi never ceases to impress with her innovative take on pants each season. Also, the models were towering over us with their bubblegum lipstick and teased hair and I must say the effect was gorgeous. All in all, the show was a success and the collection will definitely be making itself into my Fall wardrobe. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love. Love. Loved Tibi! Quite honestly most of the fall collections were a bore but Tibi was fun! I caught a backstage interview with Arlenis (love her). http://www.ldvfashionfix.com/2010/02/tibi-fall-2010-nyfw-interview-with.html I am loving this collection. One of the few. Awww! Too bad we missed you I think I see myself in the background of one of ur pics but not so sure! Lol! I love the collection. esp the last look. I love the 3rd picture… I especially love the first look <3
Spring Trend… January 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Whitney Port Sued over Design Line March 24, 2010 | Tags: Uncategorized It’s no secret that celebrity fashion labels aren’t solely (or even remotely) designed by the stars, they’re basically getting paid to put their names on the label. But in a few rare cases, some celebrities actually have quite a hand in the final outcome. The latest celeb line news to hit the web is that Whitney Port, of The Hills and The City fame, is being sued by a former employee who claims to have had a large partaking in Whitney Eve’s design aesthetic. According to People.com , “Adrienne Baravetto alleges she had an oral agreement with Port and her father, including a $80,000 yearly salary plus a 25 percent stake in the [Whitney Eve] company. Baravetto also alleges that she did virtually all the design work and that the Ports haven’t paid her a dime. Port’s lawyer Michael A. Taitelman tells PEOPLE, “The lawsuit that Adrienne Baravetto filed on March 19, 2010 against Whitney Eve, Inc., Whitney Port and others regarding the Whitney Eve clothing line is baseless and without merit. Whitney Port is, and always has been, the designer of Whitney Eve. Baravetto worked for Whitney Eve for a short period of time ending in early 2008.” So who’s side are you taking? Thoughts? *Image courtesy of people.com and joonbug.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gemma Arterton Makeup Chic September 29, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Eyes: Take Dior ‘Smoky Mania’ Eyeshadow Duo in Silver Screen and brush the silver shadow from lash-line to crease. Next, apply black shadow to the lash-line generously. Lastly, line upper and lower lash-line with Trish McEvoy 24-Hour Eyeshadow & Liner and apply Dior ‘Diorshow Extase’ Mascara . Face: Use Lancôme ‘Teint Idole Fresh Wear’ 18 Hour Shine-Free Makeup SPF 15 to achieve an even skin tone. Next, brush Giorgio Armani Blush onto the apples of your cheeks. Lips: Top off the look with a simple nude lipstick like Trish McEvoy ‘Gorgeous’ Lip Color in gorgeous demure. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street chic is… March 13, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic an unexpected pop of color over a leather jacket. One word- GENIUS! *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Coco Before Chanel Trailer July 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Review Watch the much anticipated film about a legend who’s known mostly for her bags and herringbone suits, but not her personal battles to defying convention. “But before she was, she was Coco.” Just click on the link below. Coco Before Chanel Trailer spell check that
Hmmm… March 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Poll One of the things we love about Nicole Richie’s jewelry and fashion lines is that they aren’t inspired or copied from other designer pieces but truly a unique expression of her taste. That is until now. We can’t help but notice that these new House of Harlow sandals are a little bit too similar to the Dries van Notens that took the runways by a storm last summer. In her defense, though, we must say that we’re glad she didn’t go the way of some of her peers (ahem ahem Jessica Simpson and Paris Hilton!) and knockoff the sandals completely but that they are maybe a little ‘too inspired’ for our taste. What do you think? Are they eerily the same, or are we insane? When designing it’s impossible to create something that hasn’t been created in some way before-her’s are different enough that I bet it was just a coincidence. I mean- if you’re going to knock something off, I’d rather it be a complete ripoff instead of pretending its not…
Louise Goldin for Topshop January 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Seems like Topshop has lined up a great list of designer collaborations for 2010. The latest to hit the web is with young British designer Louise Goldin. This season she has created her inaugural footwear collection for the store, which is available in time for London Fashion Week. These three spike-adorned heels (£150) hit shops and online on Feb. 5. What do you Chic- eristas think of these statement shoes? They kind of remind us of the Louboutin spiked heels, or the Rock & Rebuplic ones we posted about awhile back. Both pretty drool-worthy. *Images courtesy of vogue.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. “They kind of remind us of the Louboutin spiked heels…” That was they first thing that came to mind. I love them though. I might consider getting them ALL. I really like them!
Get the Look: Street Chic Cool November 6, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Ever wanted to achieve that ‘just rolled out of bed and not trying hard to look good’ look? Well here’s a big secret: that look actually requires more effort than you’d think. It actually takes more work to look like you aren’t trying than to look like you’re trying. Does that even make sense??? Anyways, if you want a similar outfit check out our picks below: Smythe Linen Boyfriend Blazer Fendi Peek-A-Boo Leather Bag Converse Chuck Taylor High Top Sneaker Day Birger et Mikkelson Striped Layer T-Shirt Acne Kex Fade Skinny Jeans *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Song of the Moment August 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find
This Week’s Fashion NOs! April 15, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Mariah Carey: A dress fit for a cupcake! Paris: Bzzz… I hope Doug’s not allergic to Bees! Katie Holmes: Looks like she accidentally wore Tom’s jeans. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtey of Chic Intuition Inc. I agree the outfits are horrible. Mariah = EWW
Yosi Samra Elastic Top Line Ballet Flats June 10, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Kind of obsessing over these flats. These fold-up snake-embossed leather ballet flats feature metallic accents and are the perfect casual change from heels. Best part? They’re only $88! Check out the Yosi Samra Elastic Top Line Ballet Flats if you’re starting to obsess yourself… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love these! I’m ordering a pair tonight! i want the black one so badly
Chic Giveaway Reminder July 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Just a reminder that Chic Intuition has teamed up with Chick Downtown for a Current Elliot Jeans giveaway! This time instead of picking a winner at random, we decided to choose him/her based on their ability to style. Head over to Chick Downtown and check out the Current Elliot Jeans styles they have available, and leave a comment here with a valid email address (will not be published) explaining with images or links how you’d style your pair of choice. Make sure to use items only from Chick Downtown. Only one winner will be chosen at the end of the giveaway. One entry per person . This contest ends Monday, July 20th at 7PM EST. U.S. residents only. Good luck! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I LOVE and am a HUGE fan of your blog! Hope you can take the time to check out my site! We sell Vintage and Designer clothes, shoes, and accessories all in one place. We have some really great things up right now! Studded boots, Alexander Wang halter top, and vintage blazers. Check it out!
Fanta-sizing February 9, 2011 | Tags: Makeup Chic I love the color orange. It reminds me of my Highschool years, when I used to buy a Fanta drink everyday at lunch break. So it’s no surprise that I gravitated towards the model’s nail color in Cover ‘s spread. Our suggestion? Try this butter London shade in Jaffa . *Image courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Does anyone know if this is good polish? I’ve been tempted to buy some for a while. They have amazing colors! LOVE the color! I’m into orange and pastel-y shades lately.
80s Purple Sale on the Sale! April 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert 80spurple.com
DIY Graphics Shirt April 23, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic Hands down, the coolest shirt ever… We just re-created the graphics and are going to print ourselves some tees tomorrow! We’ll show you the results ASAP. *Image courtesy of streetfsn.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What? no.
Don’t Miss Out! December 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit.
Our Top 5 Fave Leather Jacket Styles January 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from left: See By Chloe Cropped Leather Blazer in Whiskey $795 Illia Studded Suede Motorcycle Jacket $454 Veda Max Distressed Leather Jacket $605 Mike & Chris Dresden Leather Moto Jacket $910 Veda Elwood Leather Jacket $297 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Check out All Saints Clothing, they have some amazing distressed leather motorcycle jackets. They have a fabulous one on sale for $200! aw dammit! the Veda blazer is on sale for $297 now? i bought it from Intermix for $410… DARNIT!! but i <3 it in black!! Awww Hate when that happens!
It’s the Climb August 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Wow. What else do we need to say?! Talk about statement shoes. These babies will make anything you wear look good. You seem to be on a roll Sammy boy! Check them out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OH MON DIEU!,awesome,have to be sam of course,I need them so bad yes please! sam edelman is on fire right now! xo love the cute shoes xx WOWW !! these are gorgeous !!!!
Chic Inspiration: Camilla Belle’s LUCKY Cover February 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Clockwise from the top: *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: How to wear my Target Vest May 20, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Anna writes: “I really like your site – well done! Quick question, what do you plan to wear with your Target vest; the black with silver accents vest that your friend tracked down for you? I bought one last week and am now wondering how to put it together!” Yes, the beloved Tarjay Bandleader Vest à la Balmain, pure genius. What we love about vests is the fact that they’re probably one of the most versatile pieces to have in a wardrobe. What we recommend for this specific vest, is to tone down the harshness of the black and metal with elements of, shall we say, girly-ness. Try pairing it with a floral dress, or for a more casual look you can go for a bohemian blouse and shorts. Finally, another way to wear it would be to follow Kim Kardashian’s lead and go with J Brand’s thrashed jeans , and a simple tank. Good Luck! *Images courtesy of fadedyouthblog .com, target.com and net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’ve seen songofstyle wear it with a dress and thought it was clever. also few other girls on chictopia have worn it with a dress and they all look lovely
Isabel Marant for H&M June 20, 2013 | Tags: Chic Alert Ladies (and gents) it’s finally happenning! H&M is proud to announce its autumn collaboration with Parisian designer Isabel Marant. With her effortless style, Isabel Marant has created a widely influential and successful take on Paris chic. Mixing urban attitude, boho elegance and rock ‘n’ roll spirit, she delivers a genuine French allure. For H&M, Isabel Marant will create a wardrobe of must-have pieces inspired by her signature style. Available from November 14, 2013, in around 250 stores worldwide and online, the collection features clothing and accessories for women and teenagers. Isabel Marant will also, for the first time, create a collection for men. Check out the video below for more:
Gilt Free Purchases October 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Listen up!If there’s one sale a year you cannot miss, it has to be today’s amazing Final Sale, starting at noon eastern time. Gilt has slashed prices up to 90% off , which means you’re getting top designers at rock-bottom prices!! I’d rush over there if I was you, and remember the website is invite only so make sure to click here and get your free invitation. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’ll be sure to tune in! this will be amazing! nevestyle.wordpress.com Only Americans?
Ask Chic: Black Hobo Bag October 10, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Jen writes: “ Hey,can you help me find a bag that is like [the one in the picture’s] style? Exactly like it or similar. “ Hey Jen! Unfortunately, we couldn’t identify the maker of the exact same bag! As usual, though, we searched high and low and were able to find you two amazingly similar and maybe even hotter bags! Check them out below. 1. Linea Pelle Collection Dylan Shoulder Messenger Bag 2. Botkier Sasha Hobo And how about a Jérôme Dreyfuss, like Antoine bag
Heidi Klum’s Pink Suit February 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic When we were browsing Topshop’s Spring lookbook, we immediately made a connection to this pink suit and an image we’d seen of Heidi that same morning. The Project Runway host was seen at Bryant Park in this pink number, eerily similar to Topshop’s outfit. So the main question here is who inspired who?! Personally I think it was a coincidence, but either way I’d never be caught dead in a nean pink pant+blazer look. This is a great example of something that looks great on a runway, but doesn’t really transcend easily into daily fashion. Seperate the two and you’ll look fine, but placing them together is just too Miami Vice for us. What do you think? *Images courtesy of perezhilton.com and flickr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I THINK THEY ARE TERRIBLE hahaha. It’s so ironic when a fashion icon like Heidi comes out on a show like Project Runway in something as horrendous as this. I think she really missed the mark, even for a runway event. Of all the outfits she must own, she chooses that for Bryant Park.
Current/Elliott The Moto Skinny Jeans October 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get the gray pair here and the blue here .
Freida Pinto Chic March 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Having been in Slumdog Millionaire has really paid off for Freida Pinto! Not only has she landed a new movie with Woody Allen, but she also got to attend the uber elite Chanel show in Paris. Looking gorgeous, in Chanel of course, Freida must have really made a splash! Since this girl seems to have everything, it felt only fair to try to at least get our share of one thing- her look. Check out my DIY Chanel project below: Rue du Mail by Martine Sitbon Cotton Scarf Dress Sterling Silver Brooch with Black Onyx and Marcasite Deborah Grivas Designs Matte Black Layered Necklace Samantha House Your Highness Necklace *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. thanks for the tip!
First Dream Dress of Spring… March 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What brand are these boots/where can I find them? They are dolce vita and can be purchased here.
Shopbop Pick of the Day August 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I die. Check out this amazingly asymmetrical jacket on shopbop.com . The perfect transitional piece for fall. It’s the BB Dakota Bayfield Jacket that retails for only $95! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shoematics November 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks A. Dr. Martens Women’s 1460 Boot B. Franco Sarto Women’s River Boot C. Seychelles Women’s Cheerrio Bootie *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Affiliatization Sensation Part I September 1, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized We thought we’d take a moment to introduce you to our latest ( and some already existing ) affiliates here on Chic Intuition. You might notice a few new banners here and there, so why not share the love and find out what’s behind each online store? Since we’ve got quite a few, we decided to split them up and introduce you to a batch every day. Don’t forget to click on each image and visit them! Happy Shopping Chic eristas !
This is NOT a B-day Wishlist May 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Real Life Chic I kind of find it annoyingly childish when bloggeristas post Birthday wishlist items online, and plea for someone to buy them the stuff. Honey, the chances of that happening are like 1 in a million. So to clarify, this is not me begging my readers to run out and get me the below mentioned. I just thought of giving you guys a look at what items have been lingering on my mind these days…. Hmm , come to think of it, I might have come off a bit harsh. I mean, if any of you out there just has to show their gratification, then no one’s stopping you.. So without further ado, if the economy wasn’t in the crapper, I’d so go and indulge on the following as a B-day treat ( ahem, May21May21May21 ): Edit : here are the links: *Images courtesy of shopbop.com, saks.com, igorandandre.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. haha the ring is SOOOO you! I am coveting that Alexander Wang bag as well. And I have wanted a ring like that forever, though I tend toward a more industrial look in sterling silver with no stones – you can usually find some good ones on etsy.com i want all of them!
Inspired by Gossip Girl November 17, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Before even seeing tonight’s episode, I had to take a look at some promo pics to prepare myself for the amazing fashions I expected to see. Well it looks like in this Thanksgiving episode it’s all about the necklaces for the young and old of the GG cast. Check out how Serena and Eleanor are both wearing similar statement candy-colored jeweled bling with their outfits. As usual, it was important for me to help you achieve a similar look and you can easily do so with this Kenneth Jay Lane Multi Gem Necklace . Three hours and counting ya’ll.. Can’t wait! *Images courtesy of cwtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
DIY Lanvin October 16, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic When I saw this Jewelry T-Shirt by Lanvin I instantly thought, “So Cute!” Then I saw the price tag and was like “WHAT???” Then I thought, “why pay $1100 for it when I can make it myself?” So I instantly got online to find some materials that I can use for this project. Below is the result of my attempt (photoshopped and yet I have a feeling it’ll turn out the same). What do you guys think, did I nail it? Lanvin – $1100 DIY – $29.10!!! Isabella Scoopneck Beaded Ornament Necklace Lucite Bow Necklace Change your white t-shirt for a cream one and I would prefer yours. Much cuter! I agree with Mel, go with off-white!
MK Olsen’s New Hair March 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Mary-Kate Olsen showed off a big new ‘do at The Metropolitan Opera’s 125th Anniversary Gala yesterday, and we have to admit that we’re a bit undecided on its likability status. The makeup is a sure yes, we love love love the smoky brown eyes and scarlet pout. But it’s been a while since we’ve actually seen MK in a do that doesn’t shout ‘out of bed’ chic, so this one might take some getting used to. Thoughts? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Im not crazy about her hair, but I do like her makeup. metoo! maybe if she she used a bigger curlying iron? Love the makeup though! the combination of that hair and the lipstick make her look like a hussy… i don’t like her make-up very much and the way she wore the hair she looks so Courtney Love these days… I love her, but I’m on the fence with this look! I Actually Like It
Fashion at Kings of Leon August 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Who knew that the Kings of Leon show at Los Angeles would bring so many stylish celebs out of hiding??? Loving the styles of them all. From Miranda and Jessica’s fringed bags to Amanda and LeAnn’s black mini and white tee combo, the styles were up to par. Only wish I could’ve made it… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Jessica’s bag is a Bruno from Jérôme Dreyfuss.
I don’t mind getting stung… February 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Isn’t this just gorgeous? The perfect statement ring in our opinion. Stingray? We’re not afraid. You can come and electrify me whenever you feel like it…Get it here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week November 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Kate Beckinsale: Look of the Day (Chic Stories) Wardrobe Idea: Turtleneck Dress With A Double Wrap Belt & A Rebecca Minkoff Bag (Couture in the City) Geek Chics…..Loves It (Le Fashion) Reader Request (My Lookbook) Louis Vuitton’s Monogram Flowers Diamonds (Style Frizz)
Ssense Ssensation October 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review We thought that today would be a perfect opportunity to introduce our latest affiliate to you guys. Why today of all days? Well, today is Wednesday. What’s so special about Wednesdays? I’ll tell you what: it’s the middle of the week, you’re probably bored at work or school, and need some online shopping to excite you. Smart huh? Ya, we thought so too. Ssense.com is an amazing online shopping site hailing from Canada, but catering to everyone worldwide. They stock the best, and rarest, fashionable finds out there. We honestly had a hard time selecting our fave picks for you guys and narrowing them down to 3 Eryn Brinie designs under $150 ! Yes, yes, we love you too . Happy Shopping! ERYN BRINIE Brinie Drapery Blouse $105 ERYN BRINIE Velvet Blazer $140 ERYN BRINIE Nouvelle Vague Blouse $85
And the Oscar for Best Dress goes to… March 8, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sandra Bullock: A gold dress fit for an Oscar winning queen. Miley Cyrus: It took quite a climb to finally land on our best dressed list. Cameron Diaz: A departure from her usual silhouette and I must say I like! Demi Moore: What more can I say except peach perfection? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Sandra Bullock looks so beautiful! I’m in l.o.v.e. with Miley’s dress. Exquisite! demi moore by far!
Topshop Soho Finally Opens! April 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review After quite a long wait, and a couple of postponements, the first US branch of Topshop has opened. From what we hear, there are already people lined up around the block and are assumed a minimum wait period of 2 hours! Guess a lot of bosses are getting the ‘ I’m not feeling that well gotta run to the Doctor’s ‘ excuse! Do you think Topshop is worth all the hype? Personally I’m not always huge fan of their products since, up close and personal, the quality sometimes isn’t really up to par. This used to be acceptable since Topshop’s pricepoint was low, but we’ve noticed a significant bump in their prices recently. On the other hand, we’re huge fans of the ‘Boutique’ brand they carry, which is a bit more high end and worth your buck. Would you wait in line for Topshop? *Image courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I’m waiting for one to open in Canada!!!! Then I’ll see what the quality is like.
Save on Shoes! December 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Stupendously Hot Wedges November 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Honestly, if you’re searching for a hot pair of booties or wedges for winter, then these are the perfect choice. Brocade pattern, black, and studded? What more could we ask for. If I wasn’t such a tall clutz myself (take for example, the time I tripped on the steps on my way out to a Step Class at the gym), I would purchase them without thinking twice. Check these babies out here . *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
First Look: Jimmy Choo for H&M September 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember how excited I was back when we first announced the Jimmy Choo for H&M collaboration ? Well let’s just say that after seeing the preview of the capsule collection (thanks to Nitrolicious as usual!) I am even more excited! The pieces are absolutely to die for and the quality looks fantastic. So much so that it’s hard to believe that the pieces are a cheaper version of the originals. The Jimmy Choo for H&M collection is slated to be in stores by November 14, 2009. I suggest you get there quick especially before I beat you to it! Swwwwwwwwoooooooooooooon! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. HAHA I hope it’ll be in Canada too???? I checked Payless today for Christian Siriano collection and they didn’t know who f*ck that was! HAHAHA I’m so unhappy! I guess I have to order online, or maybe it’ll hit stores here soon???? Thanks guys! Marking my calender, by the way! great layout ladies- love the looks!! thanks Trendini! So sweet as usual :*
All that glitters is gold… December 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Dress: 3.1 Phillip Lim Sequined Asymmetric Silk Dress Earrings: Isharya 18-Karat Gold-Plated Fringe Earrings Clutch: Jimmy Choo Tube Metallic Fabric Clutch Shoes: Roberto Cavalli Chain-Detailed Leather Sandals
Ask Chic….Readers February 1, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic So we’re taking a time out and turning the tables on you guys. For once, we’ve found ourselves unable to answer some fashion question that’s been burning in our minds. Ok, so might sound pompous of us, but come one, we have to admit that there hasn’t been an ‘Ask Chic’ yet that we were unable to conquer….that is, till now. Spotted: MK out and about in Soho. Need: her bag! Question: who the hell is it by!? Help!! *Images courtesy of olsen-files.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. It looks like it’s from gucci’s collection. WOW that’s hot, I don’t think its gucci though the studs look different Some of the other purse forums are saying its alexander wang’s fall 2009 collection. Whatever it is, its hot. apparently its Alexander Wang Fall 09! Thanks ladies! Guess I’ll have to wait like everyone else to purchase it xoxo its a studded alexander wang bag. i love everything alexander wang. def a fav designer. that`s alexander wang fall 09 and it will retail for $850!! Rebecca Minkoff Supernova Stud Devote Handbag
No No No! July 30, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic She actually went to dinner looking like that. Lily Allen, the raccoon look does not do you justice. Leave the exaggerated makeup for the runways, and the haircut for the 80s rockers… *Image courtesy of imnotobsessed.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Her entire life and career is a joke.
Celebs Love D&G December 17, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic A few stylish outtakes from a party for the opening of the D&G store on Robertson Blvd. Nicole looks so cute huh? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. omg! love that jacket on rachel, I think she looks better than nicole yes, rachel looks better :):)
Ask Chic: Masquerade Ball Attire May 7, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Leetal writes: “Well, first of all, I’m addicted to your blog. I think it’s awesome and inspirational! But now to my question- I am holding a birthday party with a masquerade ball theme (gotta love Gossip Girl) and I need a dress and a mask. I don’t want to be predictable and I want to stand out. Got any ideas for looking chic under a budget?” Oh, if only we had a penny for every time Gossip Girl influenced our lives, mostly our wardrobes, then we’d be laughing all the way to the bank! So Leetal, since you’re hosting the bash, obviously you’ve got to have a look that no one else has thought of. One place we love shopping at is Etsy, since so many talented designers sell their one of a kind duds for unbelievable prices. Why not try purchasing a simple metallic dress , and pairing it with a ruffled bolero ? Add some beaded gloves , a and finally top it all off with an extravagant mask . Voila! The whole look for under $250! *Images courtesy of cwtv.com and etsy.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Leather Leggings October 15, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find I’ve been on a mission for the past couple of weeks. I want to purchase the perfect pair of skinny leather pants for winter. I don’t mean those flimsy AA leggings, that crack and leave crumbs after every wear. I mean either thick leggings (keep me warm) or really skinny leather pants a la Blake Lively. I love the folding effect they have, not too tight/not too loose. I think I finally found a pair (which I’ll probably order one size up) at VS. Yaay! *Images courtesy of victoriassecret.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Eugina Kim for Target April 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review We’ve always been fans of Kim’s hats, but not of their prices. That is, until now. The Eugenia Kim for Target collection is the first hat launch in a series of limited-time-only accessory designers at Target, featuring a range of hats that are on-trend and functional that fit into any budget. Inspired by Havana, Cuba, the collection includes cloche, fedora, sun-hat, bucket hat, newsboy and pillbox silhouettes using woven and printed fabrics with various embellishments. Her collaboration ranged from $15-$20, a huge difference from her usual $300 and up price range. We love Target! Can’t wait to buy a few for our summer endeavors. *Images courtesy of target.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Topshop Love October 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Like I said on our Twitter page, I’m currently vacationing in the UK. I’m loving my time here, from checking out the sites to, of course, shopping till my feet feel like they will literally crumble to ashes. One of my fave shopping destinations has obviously been ( is this too cliche? ) Topshop. I know, I know, everyone raves and rumbles on about the high street store, but they literally are telling the truth. Now, don’t get me wrong, the store has some awful, cheap finds, but for the most part there are great alternatives to expensive trends. One of my personal choices in Topshop is their higher end Boutique label. I had to show you guys an item I would’ve otherwise swiped my cursor over online, this Peplum Jacket . In reality, the fit is amazing, nipped right at the waist for a flattering form fitting jacket. Unfortunately, my size was sold out in store and online, so someone live through my fantasy, purchase it for yourself, and tell me what you think. *Image courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Aww, sorry for your loss. LOL @ the fact that I say it like someone died. Have lots of fun! Shop ’till you drop!!! That’s the only way=). x.
Shop Jake Sale July 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopjake.com
Whitney Bracelet Chic January 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks We knew we had to replicate this look after we saw this promo pic of Whitney for The City. By the way, don’t you love the show? It’s totally addictive, just like we predicted. So back to the image, if you’d like to get her bracelet look try: Kenneth Jay Lane Double Pyramid Cuff $99 Evelyn Knight Double Cuff $100 Rosena Sammi Dohlak Bracelet $500 Rosena Sammi Holi Bangles $400 *Images courtesy of their respective links and mtv.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love withney’s style!
The Nicholas Kirkwood Effect March 8, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find *Images courtesy of bebe.com , brownsfashion.com , and topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. the original still stays the best!!! I want those shoes from Kirkwoodd!
Hair Today, Gone Tomorrow February 23, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.co m. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Just came across your blog and wanted to invite you to take part at my giveaway 😉 Click here to take part
Happy Happy Joy Joy! December 24, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Merry Christmas my dear! Love Grace. Merry Christmas to every CI readers and staffs! Merry Christmas to you too… love this blog. 😀 merry xmas!
Shopbop Gives 20% Off! January 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
MK Olsen Chic September 4, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ok, before all of you go and reprimand us for posting a “sloppy” look, we just want to say that we believe her outfit can be upgraded with a few additions. If it were us, we’d add a belt to cinch in the waist, and eliminate the “ how dare she leave the house with no pants on ” look. This is key to any shirt-dress you’d like to pull off. In addition, we’d add a hot pair of gladiators for definition. It’s enough that the loose blouse makes her look like she’s missing pants, so nude flats giving off the impression of no shoes is a major nono . To get the (improved) look: BDG Flannel Shirt Dress $48 Cocobelle City II Sandal $100 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Sorry, but I feel like she’s wearing her pj! She should be at home cuddled up on her couch watching some reality tv!
Chic Guessing- Studzzz July 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess who designed this studded bowling bag and studded messenger bag ??? humm I saw a brown one that i adored- tory burch ?
Kate Moss for Topshop Christmas Collection No, No, No! October 28, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic I think I know Where the Wild Things Are . They’re gonna be hanging out at your next Xmas party, and it’s not a pretty sight. The moment we previewed this dress by Ms Moss for Topshop, we squeeled. Why, oh why, would you want to look like you have excess arm hair hanging out of your dress sleeves? Maybe the title for the collection was a typo, Kate Moss Halloween Collection anyone? *Image courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I actually like it! I would have to see it on, but I think it might look cute EW EW EW!!! sooo nasty! That does look more like a Halloween costume than a Christmas dress! I love it actually!
Parisian Street Chic January 3, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. ahhh the parisiansssss…tres chic! Ooh I actually love all three of these! I also really need the bag in picture 3.
Heritage1981 Fall Lookbook August 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Ok be honest. At first look, would you guess that this was all Forever21 ?? We’re loving their play on preppy pretty, the styling is point on. Best part about it is that these outfits won’t break the bank. We guess we’re lucky to be living in a time where looking fashionable doesn’t necessarily mean spending thousands of dollars on a designer wardrobe. Embrace the mix and match high and low trend! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I have seen this everywhere recently, I love it!
He’s so RAD! July 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks It all started with Marc by Marc Jacobs then there was Wang by Alexander Wang and now we have Rad by Rad Hourani. Rad is a diffusion line from Rad Hourani that will be relatively cheaper than his high end collections. The pieces will range in price from $100-$400. Judging by the pieces below, I honestly can’t wait! We’ll let you know when it’s in stores fo sho! *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuiton LLC.
By Request- The boots… November 11, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com and lagarconne.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love how these kind of booties can go with anything! Boots is back!
Inspired by Marni: Statement Earrings and Bandanas September 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Olivia Palermo Chic November 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The ultimate recessionista, Olivia Palermo knows how to make inexpensive items look luxe. A fan of Zara, Urban Outfitters, and Topshop, the girl has a knack for mixing high with low! Her latest obsession appears to be Topshop and my does she make it look good. Check out how amazing her outfit was at London Fashion Week here and then check out her Teen Vogue party look below… Whether she’s in a gorgeous embellished jacket or even a simple oversized satin blazer, Olivia Palermo truly earns her status as a style maven. Jeffrey Campbell Over the Knee Suede Boots Maje Pagny Striped Cotton Dress Premium Satin Longline Blazer Bop Basics Alyssa Scarf *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. you mixed between 3 and 4 I love that scarf! Could be because it’s called the Alyssa Scarf… I’ll have to get one! Oops! Thanks
Ring Bling August 20, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks We wanted to have fun with this post, and decided to select one ring that embodies each Olsen. A ring that represented each girl’s style down pat. We selected this Jessica Kagan Cushman Brass Skull and Crystals Ring for Mark Kate since she’s such a free spirit with a grungy edge. For the more classic Ashley, we decided on this Lauren G. Adams Gold Enamel Horse Themed Ring honestly because it gives off this classy equestrian vibe that depicts her style perfectly. Both rings are available at Max & Chloe for under $125. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogpsot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Clogged Up July 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks You guys! Free People has, hands down, the best collection of clogs online! We are dying just looking at them! Studded, perforated, floral, ankle wrap, bootied; basically anything you can imagine, they have. You all know by now that this is the number one trend this summer,and will probably stay till Fall, so why not take your picks early and avoid your fave from selling out? Caza Platform Clog Hildie Studded Clog Solvang Clog Floral Charlie Clog Cayenne Cutout Clog *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Resemblance November 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Just saying. If you’re a fan of seafood ( just kidding ), take a closer look at these Fallon Asymmetrical Spike Earrings . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOL! You guys just made my day with this post… I’m not quite sure if I like these earrings, but I think I do. Hmm! Awesome earrings! I definitely can see the resemblance to the fish bones.
Matthew Williamson for H&M March 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok, stay calm ladies. We have the first images of the collaboration between British fashion icon Mr. Williamson and the beloved Swedish high street label H&M! The exclusive women’s collection is set to hit selected stores on April 23, 2009, followed by another Summer range for women and men from mid-May. An H&M spokeswoman said the “exclusive” women’s range would be carried in about 200 stores, with the second delivery slated for all of its 1,700 stores. Keep in mind, the line is not cheap, since the materials used are pretty expensive, but they don’t go as high as actual MW pieces. Check out the latest scan (sorry for poor quality) that nitrolicious got from Dutch Elle, in addition to the images. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Quiksilver Summer Concert Essentials July 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Whether you are going to a concert, to the mall, or even to hang out in the park, when I saw this season’s Quiksilver looks I felt that they were a perfect fit! For what you say? For summer of course! The new lookbook is the epitome of no-fuss summer chic and the price point is just an added bonus. Head over there and see how you can look hot this summer on a tight budget. Who knows? Maybe you can save enough to actually afford that Alexander Wang bag you’ve been coveting all summer…
Rodarte for Target August 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert This collaboration thing just keeps getting better! The latest line to agree to do a Go International capsule collection is none other than Rodarte! The upcoming collection will consist of 55 pieces and will range from $9.99 for knee-highs to $79.99 for a leopard print jacket. The collection is said to be “very feminine, yet very modern and incorporates a rich mix of patterns and fabrications and everything from sequins and bows to faux fur.” It’s slated to be in stores by December 20, 2009 so make sure to watch out for it! Of course we will be reminding you and giving you a first look as soon as we can. Exciting huh? *Image courtesy of rodarte.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. IM FLIPPING OUT. I adore RODARTE, and a collab like this will just further prove how talented these ladies are. Im marking my calendar right now because, it will prove to be a great day for gathering key pieces at a steal. Can not wait! I’m getting all of them TODAY at the pop up store in the West Villiage.. So excited!
Erickson Beamon for Target October 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert This just in (okay well maybe not just in but this week has been oh so very busy that we haven’t had a chance to report it)- the latest accessories collaboration between high-end designer and budget-friendly Target will be………………….. Erickson Beamon! Being a proud owner of a piece or two from the collection myself, I am extremely excited to be able to get some EB pieces at a discount price. The line will be available at Target stores starting February 2009 so until then, maybe shopping the Anya Hindmarch line for Target would be a good idea? I happened to see some pieces today in real life and thought they were absolutely fantastic! *Images courtesy of ericksonbeamon.com and target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Purrrty Eyes December 12, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic The Queen of the Cat Eye is, without a doubt, Rihanna. I mean, who else can do so many versions of the sweep outer ‘ swoosh ‘? Loves it. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. awww she’s so beautiful! man, if i had those eyes..i’d do some serious damage!
80sPurple Love March 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks One of our fave online retailers, 80sPurple , always impress us with their stylish stock choices. We’ve taken the liberty of picking our personal top 5 items, and if you think these are hot we’d suggest heading on over there for even more fun… LnA – Womens Lace Back Tee (White) Cheap Monday – Womens Twin Pant (Black) Costume Dept – Womens Gold Lux Dress (Black/Gold) Obey – Metamorphic Bag (Black) Obey – Twig Ring (Antique Silver) *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
3.1 Phillip Lim Tubular Long Jagger Necklace January 2, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks We can just think of a zillion occassions to wear this necklace . Hell, we’d wear it grocery shopping just to set us in a stylish mood. The combination of rope, pearls and gold is the perfect equation to a successful statement necklace. Lim, you’ve done it again. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Nicole Richie’s Boots November 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here . *Image courtesy of bollare.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: Shopbop Autumn Sale! October 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com .
Decadent Chic? August 1, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find
Ask Chic: Chloe Studded Ankle Boots for Less November 15, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Kacia writes: “I’ve seen a few variations of these Chloe studded boots around, but have only been able to identify one that’s actually for sale right now at Pixie Market [for $239]. Do you know of any other brands that make these shoes, and if there are any cheaper alternatives? They are exactly what I need right now!” Actually Kacia, we dedicated a post a while back to these Free People booties that bare quite the resemblance to the $1,250 Chloe’s, and for $198! But we decided to go ahead and search for a few more options that might interest you like these Steve Madden Testud Black Leather booties or these Toughy Suede ones ( love the names btw…toughy and stud? ). Whichever way you go, Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Have You seen these? They are by Bronx and I feel that it’s something close to the real thing:) http://www.ellos.fi/DetailPages/DetailPage.aspx?categoryid=36788&productId=246452&SellingFlag=SearchText&SearchBackLink= Dovile: oh wow those are amazing..but unfortunately the website only delivers to Sweden I’m guessing..too bad
Chic Alert: Shopbop Sale! August 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert The people over at Shopbop have so kindly added a whole list of items to their summer sale. You can find products ranging from 30-70% off!! On a side note, Shopbop is also giving away a free Bop Basics scarf with any purchase of full priced denim! Check out the site for more rules. Sorry, can’t write much more….going….to….visit….sale…..
Summer Lovin’ March 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks As the weather keeps increasing, we can slowly see our hemlines decreasing. What better way to look good and not feel the heat than by wearing something short and chic? I’m a huge fan of rompers, and short versions are the best kind. You can pair them with leather gladiators for a brunch with the girls or booties for an evening outing. Take a look at our favorite rompers available on shopbop.com & Happy Shopping! Halston Heritage Tie Front Romper Rachel Pally Print Cross Front Romper Karina Grimaldi Tuxedo Romper *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. That’s rediculous, who wants to pay that much for an stupid ugly ROMPER!!!?
Ask Chic: Ashley Olsen’s Long Cardigan November 14, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Jeanette writes: “I know how great you can find similar and cheaper versions of items, so I would like to ask for your help! I saw a picture of one of the Olsen twins wearing a basic lightweight floor-length cardigan, and the Spring 2011 Elizabeth and James line has a black one. The only ones I could find were either too much or cost over $1000! I was wondering if you could help me find a reasonably priced maxi cardigan to rock before the spring. Thank you!” Wow, we love how most of these Ask Chic posts are about the Olsen twins clothing. Just goes to show you how coveted their style is. We even posted about how hot we thought this cardigan was a while ago. Why not try this ASOS version for $79 or this Eternal Sunshine Creations cardi for $152? Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love her and EVERYTHING she wears! Acutally MET her and MK last week! Amazing girls! xx.M This is great! Even though I’m a petite 5’0 (even shorter than Ashley), I love this extra-long sweater. It makes great use of those platform wedges!!
Sugar and Spice March 16, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic That’s how I would describe Julianne Moore and Amanda Seyfried’s look at the Chloe premiere! I love the contrast of the blush tone dress with Julianne’s fiery red hair and the turquoise dress with Amanda’s golden blond locks. Put them together and they compliment each other perfectly. Of course I had to go on a wild goose chase to attempt the same looks. In Amanda’s case I think I found her exact same dress but in Julianne’s I had to create an ‘inspired by’ ensemble. Either way choose any of these looks and we guarantee you’ll be a hit! Julianne: Alice + Olivia ‘Jeanine’ One Shoulder Dress SPANX Chevron Cable Tights Amanda: RM by Roland Mouret Isa Dress Alexander McQueen Band Leather Sandals
I’m feeling romantic. June 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Doesn’t this dress take you back to your mom’s old high school pictures? Reminiscent of the 70s, when everything was about flower power and loving yourself. We’d opt to wear it for a picnic in the park, or a music festival. Such an easy but standout item, it’ll add romance to any wardrobe. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Get the Look: Arm Bling October 12, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Fallon Jewelry Wild At Heart Bangles DANNIJO Serpentine Cuff Marc by Marc Jacobs Henry Watch Lois Hill Chain Link Carved Cuff Made Her Think Black Double Stud Cuff *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. That looks awesome. i think your numbers are mixed up.
Who is Jen Brill? October 15, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve been spotting images of this girl everywhere, and love everything about her. At first glace, you can’t pinpoint her ethnicity, which adds even more allure to her mysterious composure. After a bit research, we find out that she’s of mixed backgrounds, part Asian part Australian. She’s dating the famed photog Terry Richardson, and works in marketing. Her future goals? Like all many fashionistas, to start a clothing label. Check out her looks below. *Images courtesy of style.com and hoyphotography.co.uk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Any girl who pairs BRIGHT lips with BRIGHT shoes is my hero!
Brad and Taylor October 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Pour La Victoire for Less June 11, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic We have a confession to make. We kind of like the fact that Steve Madden is sometimes, hmm inspired , by the big honcho stylish brands. Let’s take a look at the following example. These Pour La Victoire Glory Studded Flat Sandals , which retail for $225. I’ve been eying them for the past couple of weeks, but didn’t take that extra ‘click’ into the shopping basket since I couldn’t justify their worth. Now, fast forward to this morning, when I spotted these Steve Madden Picolo sandals , for $112. Yes! Half the price of the originals, and totally worth the purchase. Bonus, use code CJDAD20 at checkout (expires 6/12) for an extra 20% off..yes ladies you can get them for $89 !!! And that is why I love Steve Madden. *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I smell a lawsuit coming. Both pairs are exactly the same! So funny, I just wrote up a post about those sandals and then I saw this! They are so close to the original!
D&G Spring 2010 Front Row Bloggers September 28, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Yes, we think that fashion bloggers are finally getting the recognition they want and deserve. The biggest supporter of bloggers this season? D&G. I mean, they gave them seats front and center (near Anna Wintour mind you), and provided them with laptops to blog LIVE to their readers. How cool is that? Props to Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana for supporting. Love you guys! xo *Images courtesy of swide.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Tobi Extra 25% Off Sale Items February 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert With all the news of NY Fashion Week, we totally forgot to mention the fact that Tobi is having a sale on their sale items! Did that even make sense!? Well I’m sure if you read it again you’ll get the point. Recession Chic here we come! Check out the cute items we chose, perfect for a hot summer…Enter code 25MORE at checkout and Happy Shopping! P.S. Sale ends in 2 days so hurry! *Images courtesy of tobi.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
SAG Style Winners February 2, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic January Jones : She can work any era, and any style! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVED Mila! I cannot understand all the fuss about Lea…
Influence Much? March 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find A new batch of the Matthew Williamson for H&M images have been released, and we noticed an eery similarity between one of his looks and SJP’s infamous SAtC outfit. It’s kind of comforting to know that even the best out there sometimes get inspired by the typical like the rest of us. And it’s even more assuring that you can get these looks for much less. Don’t worry MW, even though we broke your secret we still heart you! *Images courtesy of people.com and nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I actually like the H&M one better!
Will the Real Alexander Wang Please Stand Up??? March 4, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which of these costs $840 and which costs $35 ??? *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Just saw these too! amazing copies. linking to you. yup, the quality definitely shines through AW’s shoe with thinner cut of fringe and better looking platforms.. LOL. Wow, I freaking love Forever21. But, as mentioned by Cindy, the difference is in the fringe.
Tis the season to…SAVE! December 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to shop. love the argentinian model Milagros Schmoll from the 1st pic!:D
Runway to Realway Literally! August 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . I adore this print! The colors are just perfect for autumn.
The Modern Girl’s Tiara January 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Celebs love them, we love them, and now it’s time you love them. What’s them? Headbands! These beauties have the ability to complement any outfit and add an instant aura of ‘fashion know how.’ Make sure to match your headband style with your clothing style,though, (for example never wear a hippie style headband with a structured LBD) because this powerful accessory can easily go from friend to enemy. We chose a few of our favourites below from hippie, to flapper, to elegant and honestly want to purchase every single one. Since we can’t, we’ll sign off by saying “please give these babies a good home!” 1. Gabriela Artigas Red Horn Headband 2. Young, Fabulous & Broke Silk Headband in Cream 3. Free People Pop Flower Headband 4. House of Harlow Gold Headpiece 5. Tasha Skinny Headband with Vintage Stones
Chic Poll: chop chop! August 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll
Ask Chic: Rachel Bilson’s Dress July 23, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Maria Writes: “I was browsing online and saw this gorgeous pic of Rachel Bilson out and about and absolutely love her dress! Can you please tell me where I can get the same one?” Wow Maria! You read our mind! After seeing the exact same picture we were planning to do a Celeb Chic post about it since we loved the look as much as you did. Well, we were able to identify the dress and it’s the Mayle Florinda Jersey Dress and retails for $475. Enjoy this beautiful dress cuz it was hard to find (it’s sold out almost everywhere!!)… *Image courtesy of justjared.com and mayleonline.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. can you please tell me where can i get rachel bilsons dress: look: http://saraharas.blogg.se/images/2008/rachelbilson5_13113677.jpg
Oscars 2012 Best Dressed February 27, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week September 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads What we’ve been reading this week plus a few new favourites: Jennifer Lopez is on Track Again (Chic Stories) Hot for Leather Jackets from ASOS (Couture in the City) Yum! The Shoes at FENDI (Le Fashion) My Fave Club Monaco Looks (My Lookbook) Takashi Murakami Does Levi’s Fenom! (Style Frizz)
Olivia Palermo Hearts her Chloe October 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The City’s Olivia Palermo has guts. Not many socialites would walk around town in Zara, which she does a lot , let alone wear something last season. This is what we love about Olivia. We might not agree with all her actions on the show, but we do agree with her keeping it real and going about fashion like the rest of us. Check her out here carrying her last season Chloé “Gemma” satchel all over during New York Fashion Week. *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She’s the single reason I watch The City each week! Just did a post on her- http://highendrearend.wordpress.com/2009/10/08/hot-child-on-the-city/
Lily Donaldson Chic June 2, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Some models still work it off the runways. We love Lily’s comfy chic look, and decided to make our own of it. Asos Reclaimed Dutch Army Shirt delia*s Taylor Denim Shorts delia*s T-shirt H By Hudson Stapley Suede Strapped Ankle Boot The Ampal Creative Droog Bowler in Black *Images courtesy of knighttcat.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Fantastic styling here! And it’s amazing how far a hat can take an outfit. Love Grace. Cute look! Love the your replicate outfit!
Steva Madden Loves Your Dad June 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Happy Father’s Day! Take 20% Off Your Order with Code CJDAD20 (no minimum purchase) Now Through 6/12 only at Steve Madden. Click here & shop at Steve Madden.com! *Images courtesy of stevemadden.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Side Halo/Bun November 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find So sometimes, only when I’m bored, I like to go back and revisit certain runway shows just to see if there were any details I missed the first time around. Well it happened recently with the Phillip Lim Spring 2009 show and let’s just say I did notice an extra detail or two. This time what caught my attention was the cute side halo/bun do that all the models had going on. This style would be really cute when paired with an ethereal holiday dress. I’m thinking something white and flowy and some very soft makeup. To get the look: 1. Flatiron hair to make it stick straight and add a shine serum to finish. 2. Split hair into two sections in order to make a side part. Make sure one section is significantly larger than the other. 3. Take the larger section of hair and twist and pin to make a slick side bun. 4. Now, take the remaining section of hair and wrap around the head along the nape of the neck and pin ends behind the bun to conceal and VOILA! A look fit for an angel. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that model’s makeup is verrrrrrry great the buns can be brought from beauty supply store and its much easier and less time consuming, i usually wear buns to interviews, not side buns. I have a wedding coming up, i think ill try this omg am soo trying side buns!! i only have ponytails… thanks guys-
New In: House of Harlow 1960 October 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Shop here! Very cute! Will be wearing this with tough boots and a killer skirt!
Nanette Lepore Spring 2012 September 27, 2011 | Tags: Chic Review The last show we attended this NY Fashion Week was, to our great content, one of our favorite shows. Packed with celebrities, fashion’s elite, and a live band in tow, the Nanette Lepore show was a blast. The energy in the room was contageous, and the bright colors of her designs helped spread the vibe. The electric colors were a fresh change to the pastels we witnessed all week, and we can’t wait to don a few of her pieces ASAP. All we need is a one way ticket to Capri, a tan and a pair of flip flops… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Gift Guide for… November 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Alex and Ani Holly Vintage Bohemian Cocktail Ring $58 Re Collection Lapel Long Sleeve Cardigan $273 Novella Royale Mister Studded Tote $498 Brigid Catiis Laura Dress $90 Re Collection Galaxy Swing T-Shirt with Studs $43 Juicy Couture Generation Y Canvas Tote $78 Edun Organic Cotton Tee $68 Origins Smileage Plus Liptint $11 Simple Women´s ‘Satire’ Shoe $70 Alkemie Jewelry Lock & 5 Keys Necklace $147 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
You’ve got me zipped… May 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We’re used to seeing zippers added onto the sides of jeans, but never like the pair below. These Unknown Factory Zipper Skinny Jeans feature zip-off legs, shredded holes and whiskering at the front. The perfect bad-ass pair if you ask us. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. oo nice pants..but I LOVE the shoes, do you know what brand are they??
Hello Kitty + MAC November 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Ever since I was a little kid I’ve loved two things, makeup and Hello Kitty. I even had one of those Hello Kitty travel kits with the little toothbrush, soap, face towel, and lip balm. Remember those? I remember I was so in love with it that I was afraid to use it. I don’t think I ever actually did. Ah the memories! Anyways, this all came back to me when I read about MAC’s new collaboration with Hello Kitty to develop an exclusive makeup line. For those of you that are just excited as me, it’ll be available in stores starting February. Now if I can only find that travel kit… *Image courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Spring Beauty Trend March 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips The latest trend from the spring runways is a bright colored lips. Whether you go with the fuschia seen at Marc by Marc Jacobs, the coral at Chanel, or the bright red at Givenchy I would suggest to go with a natural eye to keep from looking too made up. I’m personally looking forward to donning the fuschia this summer, how about you? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. these pics are SO barbie-esque! They look fake!
Look for Less: Taylor Jacobson’s Plaid Top October 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic With the enormous amount of incoming emails and comments regarding Taylor Jacobson’s Plaid Top , we found it only necessary to revisit the topic. As you all know by now, her blouse is by Stella McCartney and is sold out everywhere. Well when we stumbled on this Sunner Crosby Shirt , we couldn’t help but think that the two are strikingly similar! Plus at a price point of less than $100, it’s a true steal. A Taylor Jacobson look at a fraction of the price? Just one of the many perks of Chic Intuition *Images courtesy of bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Asos Summer Sale April 30, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks Asos.com has a special 20% off their summer wardrobe, and it’s going to be on till Tuesday. We don’t need to go on and say how much we love sales, but this one is special. Why? Because it’s from one of our fave online shopping destinations that’s why! Take a look at some of our picks and then head on over for some fun: ASOS Mixed Butterfly Tee ASOS Floral Mini Skirt Seneca Rising Blurred Print Maxi Dress ASOS RENO Strappy Triangle Heel Sandal ASOS Nude Suede Duffel Studded Across Body *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I also got an email about free shipping to the US until Sunday! Happy day…. 😀
They’re Back! September 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Major celebrity fave, the Loeffler Randall Matilde Boots, are finally here again and we’re so excited. We’ve seen these gorgeous, slouchy, wedge boots on the likes of Lindsay Lohan, Katherine Heigl, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Hilary Duff last season and, frankly, we want a piece of the action! Well Singer 22 saves the day, as usual, by bringing you an array of different colors and textures of this famous style for this upcoming fall/winter season. I am especially in love with the embossed snake style in chocolate brown. If you’re just as smitten, get yours here . *Images courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Black Oversized Tee April 11, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Christine writes: “You guys have amazing search skills, and I was wondering if you could help me find a top. I’m looking for a very basic black oversized top but I’m a poor college student so I am hoping for something around $30 or under.” We’re pretty happy this was your question Christine, since there are SO many cheap options online for a baggy black tee ( therefore an easy post for us ). You can take a number of routes with this one, like option to go for an asymmetrical oversized tee, or a sheer one. Looking for a basic oversized tee? Then try our option. The choices are endless, and their prices are all under your $30 budget! Happy Shopping! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. THANKS! this is exactly what I was looking for!
See By Chloe Goes Grunge August 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find These boots make me flashback to the nineties when I was in sixth grade and wore Doc Martens… Get them here .
Chic Poll: Seeing Horizontal January 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll
Kate Winslet Chic January 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing this picture of Kate Winslet at the Santa Barbara Film Festival I couldn’t help but fall in love with her dress! It seems like lately black and white is very IN with the celeb crowd and this dress really does it justice. Luckily, unlike most of the dresses Kate has worn on the red carpet, this dress is available for all us normal folk to buy. Get it here . Don’t-Cha love us a lil’ bit more now??? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ends Tomorrow! August 6, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com .
Street Chic: Denim & Black September 7, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of copenhagenstreetstyle.dk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. they have a spread like this in the september issue of marie claire, with ashley olsen on the cover (: i love the looks! denim and black!what a perfect combination!
Top UK Trends October 31, 2009 | Tags: Chic Tips I’ve been wanting to post about this since the moment I got back from my trip to the United Kingdom ten days ago, but my hectic schedule and getting back into the routine of things took awhile. So yes ladies, I am now ready to indulge on the fashions across the pond. I noticed that women in the UK love trends, and more so they enjoy donning them from head to toe. Fashion faux pas? Actually not. The fact that they approach fashion and style with such ease and naturalism (the whole ‘I just rolled into my closet and came up with this’ ) excused the ‘don’t wear more than one trend at a time’ rule. Take a look at the top trends I took note of in the United Kingdom and feel free to implement them on yourselves: *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. come back and soon! We iz waiting! LOL @ Converse with everything! I’m def a big shoulder and geek glasses kinda gal. And I’m from Toronto. COME TO TORONTO SOON!!!!!! I’ll take you to Holt Renfrew! LOL By the way, CI. Who’s the model in the geeky glasses? I’m from England and going to say you got us down.. Big fans of mixing trends! Oh and converse too. Can someone PLEASE tell me the name of the model in the geeky glasses???????????????
Short Story II July 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find With all the heat and global warming issues spreading around (f lashback to me literally melting away on Broadway and 5th, NY ) we decided to post a chic alternative to the sometimes irritatingly hot jeans: cut-offs. A lot of our faves have been prancing around with their Iced Chai Lattes, soft jersey tees and the undeniably stylish Siwy shorts. The aged color, torn detailing and cute length are just perfect for lazy afternoons on the grass. Get yourself a pair here . *Images courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. nicole richie is starting to look scary again :s haha no I think it’s an old image
Pretty on the Eyes September 8, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic An ultra-chic case with two contrasting duos and unlimited combinations. Each gorgeous palette gives you two strong colors that set the tone, along with two delicate, neutral shades so you can play with nuances and adjust your look to suit your mood. These new-generation eyeshadows also play up the power of contrasts between matte and iridescent. Check out the Guerlain Eyeshadow Palette here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Zara TRF Lookbook May 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Casual, simple, and to the point. The sister line under Zara, TRF, always seemed targeted at teens to us. But with their latest May lookbook, we might actually take a look at their section the next time we pass by. How were we living before this store opened up?! *Images courtesy of zara.com. love this collection! love the zara´s world!!! sabasala.blogspot.com We need a Zara. We still don’t have one. *Sigh* Love it!
The shoes… May 7, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Where is that cocktail dress from in this post? From Net A Porter Which designer from net a porter? thanks for responding! The shoes are insanely gorgeous!
Net-a-Porter Summer Clearance! August 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert The NET-A-PORTER Summer Clearance begins today! Everyone can enjoy an extra 20% off selected sale items from the world’s most covetable designers, including Chloé, Oscar de le Renta, Stella McCartney, Christian Louboutin, Jimmy Choo and many more, until 31st August. Just enter the promo code ‘ SUMMER ‘ during checkout to take advantage of this limited offer. *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com .
Blazer Babes October 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We can’t get enough of the HSM3 tour looks . Here, both ladies are rocking the blazer look, and we love how different it comes off based on their color choices. Ashley Tisdale looks fresh and young with her floral number, and Vanessa Hudgens does the mature look with monotones. Girls, you’ve managed to graduate High School with flying stylish scores. Congrats! To get the similar blazer look try: Victoria’s Secret Lux 120’s Wool Tuxedo Jacket Victoria’s Secret Lux 120’s Long Wool Tuxedo Jacket *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Steve Madden + Olsens = ? September 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert The Olsen twins have just announced that they will be collaborating with shoe retailer Steve Madden on footsies for their contemporary clothing line Elizabeth & James . Hopefully this means that they are steering towards gaining a mass following, since their ‘cheap’ line sells plaid shirts for $225 and denim shorts for $275. Excited? *Image courtesy of mary-kateandashley.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that ain’t so cheap, cheap is the designers at target
Chic Reads of the Week October 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Travel Like Stars (Chic Stories) Private Night for Fashion Fights Breast Cancer (Couture in the City) Bollywood Fashion on Display (iPapier) Kate Lanphear + Joe Zee (Le Fashion) Roll Up Your Sleeves (My Lookbook) Gwyneth Paltrow Wears Flat Gladiator Sandals for Two Lovers Premiere (Style Frizz)
Leather Sleeves Chic September 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We are huge advocates for a tough leather jacket, but since we both live on sides of the globe where cold weather literally comes and goes before you can say “bundle up!”, we’ve decided to try something new this season. Since leather sleeves are totally in, why not invest in a blazer, sweater, or jacket that has the perfect level of leather? Take a look at some of our fave picks courtesy of shopbop.com . LOVE this trend!!!!
Lauren Conrad Chic July 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Its been a while since we’ve seen Miss Conrad out and about in LA, and we have to admit that we’ve missed her. With The Hills on hiatus for the summer (counting the days till our guilty pleasure hits MTV in August), we can’t help but go to the paps pics for some fashion inspiration from the small screen diva. What really attracted us to this certain pic was the chic outfit that’s so achievable by any standard. Obviously you’ll need the body to pull off high waisted short shorts , (which we recommend alternating the look with high waisted trouser pants if you don’t have a tiny torso), and a billowy top . Of course she wouldn’t be LC if she didn’t finish off the outfit with her signature Loubs . Oh, to live the life of a fake “reality” TV star… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Love for La Dama June 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review It’s one of our fave online destinations for the most unique, edgy, and reasonably priced items. La Dama is the place to purchase anything from a lace dress to quirky shoulder jewelry. It’s stocked with items from independent designers from all around the globe, inspired by vintage goods of all kinds. So you know we pulled some strings, and thanks to Leticia from La Dama we were able to score the deal below:
Get Celeb’s LA Style @ Singer 22 February 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com . i love love love singer22. i religiously go on their site. and i will be buying a couple things
Gilt Fuse Final Sale Today! December 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The invite only one stop online fashion outlet ( phew, that was a mouthful ) is having an enormous sale on 50 brands for under $50 today starting at 12pm EST! Brands include: ABS, BCBG, Betsey Johnson, Black Halo, C & C California, Corpus, Earnest Sewn, Generra, Genetic Denim, Goldhawk, Juicy Couture, Kova & T, LaROK Laundry, Mara Hoffman, Michael Stars, Modern Amusement, Plenty By Tracy Reese, Twinkle by Wenlan and WeSC! Honestly, I’d hurry and check it out. If you’re not already a member, just click on this link for an invitation to join. Happy Shopping!!! *Image courtesy of gilt.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Snagged a pair of Juicy Couture linen cuffed shorts. I’m so excited for them to arrive!
Miroslava Duma Chic September 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve posted about her style several times on this blog as an anonymous stylista snapped by The Sartorialist, but after seeing more and more shots of this savvy Russian ‘It’ girl ( and some begging and pleading from my cousin’s part ) we decided to dedicate a post to her. Miroslava Duma, the girl with all the Hermes bags and LV scarves anyone can dream of, is a well known editor from Moscow whose work started at Harper’s Bazaar Russia and is now a contributor to L’Officiel Russia, Glamour Russia, the style section at Russian OK Magazine, and Tatler Magazine Russia. Obviously working for all those reputable fashion magazines must contribute to her great style, but Miro manages to add a quirky twist to any outfit she’s wearing. Take a look at our fave looks below and get ready for some major style envy. *Images courtesy of purseblog.com thesartorialist.blogspot.com and styleandthecity.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG—I LOVE HER! and constantly tempted to chop bangs like hers. great post girls AAAHHH!!! I LOVE HER!!! i die, i die, i die
Paris Amour Part Deux October 7, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the collage!
House of Harlow Fall 2010 April 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The pictures from the House of Harlow Clothing Fall 2010 Collection are in and the verdict is absolutely fabulous! The starlet has decided to abandon the boho-glam direction of the first collection in favor of a more mature, sleeker, and predominately black and white collection. I am loving the fringed collar top, the double breasted vest, and the cape. I also love the styling of the pieces in the Great Gatsby theme lookbook. Also, it’s refreshing to see that the pieces are definitely worth the investment this time around. What do you think, is this collection better than the first? *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: Taghrid March 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview We hold a special place in our hearts for our latest Chic Interviewee. Why you may ask? She not only shares similar interests in fashion, but our same heritage, which is quite rare in the blogosphere. Taghrid, a 21 year old residing in sunny LA, has gained a mass following for her unique approach to style. This ‘chirping’ girl, the meaning of her Arabic name , will surely fly far in her fashionable future. Take a look at what she had to say and then head on over to her blog . Chic Intuition: We’ve gotta get the obvious question out of the way: So Taghrid, what got you into blogging? Taghrid: I have always been interested in fashion, but never really had an outlet to express my enthusiasm about it especially since neither my school nor work had anything to do with style or the fashion industry. After faithfully following many excellent blogs for a few months I decided to start one of my own. I guess I figured since I dress up everyday anyway, it would be fun and give me and excuse to obsess over shoes and clothes. Chic Intuition: There are tons of perks that come with one’s recognition in the blogosphere. Please indulge on your top fave occurrences as a result of your site. Taghrid: My favorite “perk” is definitely being connected to all kinds of amazing people who I would have never crossed paths with otherwise. I’m really appreciative of all the love and support that I have received through my blog through readers as well as professionals within the industry. Everything from meeting new friends to working with local designers and photographers has really been great. It really is a surprisingly positive and embracing community and I’m just really thankful that I am able to participate in it. Chic Intuition: As a graphic artist, do you feel that your art transcends into your personal style and vice versa? Taghrid: Because my graphic design work is really customer based and I create products that are designed to fit their marketing and merchandising needs I am usually not afforded as much creative freedom as with my dressing. However, as with any craftsman, my work definitely has my personal stamp whether I am designing divot repair tools and bag tags for a country club or revamping a metal band’s MySpace. Chic Intuition: What’s your top dream purchase for Summer 09? Taghrid: I can’t get Charles Anastase’s SS09 runway platforms off my mind ! So so dreamy. Oh and since we’re dreaming about summer must haves, a 1956 Porsche Speedster in candy red would be perfection. Chic Intuition: As Arabs ourselves, we were so giddy when we found a stylish girl from similar descent (so rare in the blogosphere!). Does your background affect the way you dress? We once remember spotting you in a Lebenese Debkeh vest, and thought your pairing it with a flowy dress was genious… Taghrid: I am proud of my heritage and culture and I definitely try to embrace it as much as possible. I grew up in Lebanon a place where style is greatly appreciated and revered. I accompanied my mother to chic lady lunches where I observed my mom, aunts, and their fabulous friends as they spoke of what they were cooking and had turkish coffee and Knaffeh in their classy custom tailored suits and dresses. Oh and I ADORE vintage Egyptian movies from the 50s and 60s where the wardrobes were as adorable as the love stories. A large part of my visual aesthetic is based in Lebanese ideals, I just put my own twist on it. Arabs in general don’t get much credit for how fashionable we really are, I am happy to be a catalyst for changing that. Some of the world’s most amazing designers are my homeboys! Chic Intuition: And finally philosophical question time: How frilly is too frilly?! Taghrid: When you border on looking like a giant Betsey-Johnson-birthday-cake, it’s too frilly. *Images courtesy of taghrid.cc . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love her style and I’m a big fan! Thank you for the great interview! xxoxo Great interview! Taghrid is such a babe!! luv her site! so inspiring beautiful! i just recently started reading taghrid’s blog. she’s so dreamy and refreshing! thanks for the interview, i really enjoyed it. now off to figure out where i can get 50s and 60s egyptian movies. hmm! beutiful!love her site. so inspiring! It’s very encouraging to see bloggeristas of the same heritage. WTG girls From another fashionista/Bloggerista with almost the same heritage 😉
Net-a-Porter’s Wedding Boutique March 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert One of our fave online shopping destinations, Net-a-Porter , have had the smarts to launch a well overdue wedding boutique! Each category — bridal, bridesmaid, mother of the bride, and guest — provides a selection of designer dresses and accessories (shoes, bags, etc). We think this idea is genius, but might take away from the fun of shopping for your dress with mom/maid of honor/familia. Come to think of it, you could have mom come over and peek at the screen… *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com
Zara Spring/Summer 2010 Collection January 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Niceeeeeee. I heart Zara! (the-blisslist.blogspot.com)
Chic Reads of the Week August 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Just a little nibble at the sweetest links of the week: What to Wear for Fashion Week (Suze on Style) High Vamp Shoes for Fall (Chic Stories) Are we there yet? Colored Denim (Lookbook) Celebrity Trends (Coutoure in the City) Nicole Does Charity (Style Critics)
Street Chic Perfection May 25, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mystery November 16, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Poll Let’s take some time to ponder the mystery of the deflated bag, courtesy of Ashley Olsen. Take a look at the images above. What happened between the moment her hair was down and then put into a bun that her YSL bag suddenly looked sad and saggy? Let’s play a little guessing game.
Ask Chic: Phillip Lim Equestrian Blazer January 6, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Cheap Chic Chic Reader Anna writes: “Hello, I really like your website – can you recommend any alternatives for the 3.1 Phillip Lim Equestrian Blazer?? Love the look but it’s bit pricey for my budget. Many thanks.” Hey Anna! We are just as in love with this piece as your are! So in love, as a matter of fact, that we bought it for ourselves and convinced a friend to postpone picking up her kids from school to get the same one. Yes, I know, bad influence but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do. So anyways, unfortunately despite it’s hotness this blazer is a bit pricey so we understand your need for a similar one at a lower price point… How’s $29.62 for ya? Low enough? Yes it’s true, I found this very similar INC International Concepts Long Belted Vest for that insanely good price. Get it quick though, because I’m sure once the other readers see this they’ll snatch it up right away.
Ask Chic: Philip Lim Dress for Less July 27, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Celeb Chic Chic Reader Angie writes: “First, let me say that I just stumbled upon your blog and spent like three hours staring at my computer screen!! Love it!! Second, I am obsessing over Molly Sims entire look at the Phillip Lim store opening in LA. From the perfect shift cream dress, to her insanely awesome beige CL booties. Could you do a look for less for this ensemble? Thanks so much!” Why, Thank You Angie! Really sweet words, we’re kinda blushing. We too were obsessing over Molly’s look ( I mean, Rachel Zoe is her stylist, lucky! ) It took us a while, but we were able to compile a look for the total of…..*drum roll please*…$217!!! You can get this Lauren Conrad Fawn Dress for less here , and these CK fringed sandals here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of zimbio.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thanks so much!! I love it!! Those shoes are insanely perfect!! And the dress is so versatile!! nice blog! it’s great love the pictures PLEASE check out my blog Michelle Angie: why you’re very welcome 😉 Michelle: checked it out, SO inspiring! love it! Keep up the good work
ShopBop the Sale! November 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert This excites me!
Harem Pants 3 Ways April 6, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love them all!
Innovation at your fingertips… February 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . I like the rings, but, i am not really sure about her nails, is it dirty!?
Bee23 by Bing Bang September 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Review We here at Chic Intuition are huge fans of Bing Bang, I personally own a bracelet set of theirs that I wear on a daily basis. Their items are simple, unique, and just divine! Even though a lot of people would steer away from putting down $300 for a bracelet, we know that you’ll be investing in a lifelong piece. For those of you out there that just felt my last sentence was full of …., well, there’s a cheaper version available now! Bing Bang has collaborated with Urban Outfitters, and debuted a more affordable line for the masses. For items 1/10th of the price, we say go for it ! *Images courtesy of urbanoutfitters.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The Hills Finale Fashion December 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic Was it me or did The Hills girls look less than glamourous yesterday at the finale? To be honest, the only one them that managed to look hot was Miss Audrina. Other than that, I thought Lauren’s look was lackluster and her messy do was a bit too messy, Lo’s outfit was completely ill-fitting and just plain old blah, Heidi’s cleavage was a bit too out there , and that Whitney looked like a complete mess with her weird headress and random dress choice (where was the NY style sophistication we were all expecting?). Don’t even get me started on Stephanie and Holly’s weird looks… Is it me or is everything about The Hills becoming a bit old? Any thoughts on it being picked up for a new season??? *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. whitneys headress is DVF, that’s the only reason she’s wearing it. why are these girls famous? ummm… did Lo take inspiration from forever 21? http://www.forever21.com/images/category/btms_skirts_image.jpg?2045 that’s the image on their skirts page
What you see is NOT what you get. January 30, 2010 | Tags: Real Life Chic I keep getting compliments on this one trapeze style t-shirt I have. It’s from Forever21 , and it’s honestly one of the best purchases I’ve made under $15. So I decided to go online and buy them in bulk ( they’ve sold out, argh) , when I spotted this photo on their Sweaters main page. It seemed to be giving off an eerily similar vibe to Alexander Wang’s Fall collection. Check out their take on the Alexander Wang Rocco Mini Duffel Bag (meh) or the distressed sweater . We’ve already talked about how some brands actually went to the extreme of suing Forever21 over copyright infrigment, so do you think Wang might be the latest to hop onto this legal bandwagon? *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. No because I have already seen so many shirts like that I think that Forever 21 is in the clear this time around. The bag is just a pretty ordinary duffel it looks like, no special adornments like the original. The shirt is different enough from the original that most people probably won’t make the connect (I actually sort of like the Forever 21 version better!) copyright infringement? what’s alexander wang going to sue for? he wasn’t the first to invent ripped sweaters or duffle bags, he just made them popular again. yeah but the alexander wang sweater came out a while ago, I bought a similar one at h&m…but forever 21 also copied the open toe fringe booties the model is wearing, but again, along time ago. No not at all! Forever 21 may have been inspired by Wang but they didn’t copy his pieces. If the duffle bag had studs on the bottom that would have been an entirely different story but based on the pieces that you’ve shown he doesn’t have a case…
Street Chic: Brilliant Boots December 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic Love hers. Got to have them. Couldn’t find them. Found an alternative . Love the alternative. BEAUTIFUL!!! Very rocker chic. BJS *keep it stylish* looks awesome; arent those boots the vivienne westwoods?
Street Chic: Coat Edition November 2, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Spring 2012 Makeup Trends October 17, 2011 | Tags: Makeup Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Margherita Missoni Chic August 11, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic She’s the offspring of a legendary fashion label, and we expect no less from her personal style. Always donning, well, obviously Missoni, this girl makes dressing up look like piece of cake. A piece of very good chocolate cake adorned with the label’s signature zig zag pattern frosting….yum! *Images courtesy of style.com and capitalcupcakes.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Luv the cupcake! 😉
Jennifer Meyer Initial Necklace for Less June 25, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic You know that anything Nicole Richie touches turns to gold, or in this case, diamonds and gold. She is never seen out without her Jennifer Meyer Initial Necklace which would put you back a hefty $1,500. Well, if you want to show your admiration for a loved one, who says it has to be on a large expense? This form of expression can send out the same signal for just…get ready ladies, $28! Phew, thank God for Nordstrom ! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of people.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
LUISAVIAROMA.COM September 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Have you ever found a good thing and just wanted to keep it to your lil ol’ self? You feel like it’s a goldmine, and you’re the only one allowed to prance around in it. But after a while, it gets a bit lonely, and dark, and you start to feel a tad bit guilty for not spreading the love. A few years back I found the motherload of designer brands online, and no it’s not Net-a-Porter . I honesty l did not mention it to friends and family, and when they saw me carrying my new Balenciaga or those hot D&G shoes and inquired, I simply stated ‘ Oh, I got them online ‘. (Come on, give me some slack, at least I didn’t lie!) I later felt ridiculous (and by later a I mean a few years) and finally broke. I started mentioning the website to my sisters, family and friends, and they instantly fell in love. Now, I am ready to tell YOU. It’s an Italian website by the name of LUISAVIAROMA and it is divine . Need a hot, sold out everywhere else designer item off the runway? They’ve probably got it. Click here and snoop around. Just don’t be as greedy as me, and share it with those deserving. *Image courtesy of luisaviaroma.com. the money is in euro. how do i know how much it is in dollars? Since it’s a European site, payments are in euros. We recommend using online currency conversion sites like http://www.xe.com to convert the amount. Also, all shipping to USA is free 😀 If you enter luisaviaroma.com and select your shipping country, then go with the mouse over the price and you will see the conversion!
The Price is Right May 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Talk about funny/interesting. Is it me, or are these two pairs of aviators identical? Ok, so maybe there are a few deviations here and there, but overall in shape, size and color the pairs are close. Same brand? Well…kinda. They are both designed by Marc Jacobs, but one is under his high end line and the other is his diffusion (aka lower priced) line. Do we sense a glitch in the system? Or are we just that good at finding you anything you want at any price point? I don’t know, you take your pick $98 or $295 ??? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Armani Prive Fall 2008 July 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Yay! Looks like bows are here to stay! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
VOGUE’s Accessory Guide October 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Tips Need help knowing what’s in for Spring 2010? Thanks to the geniuses over at VOGUE, they decided to make that task much easier on us by selecting the top accessories for the season. The best part about it? You can change your look without having to revamp your whole wardrobe. We like. They selected a total of 13 accessory trends to watch, but we decided to narrow them down to our fave four. For the rest just click here . *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Runway to Realway August 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Poll: Makeup Mavens August 27, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic *Images courtesy of prphotos.com and hot-hairstyles-pictures.blogspot.com . I voted Hil. Wait! Was I suppose to say?=/ I like Kim’s red lips, but Rihanna is cute too. The bronze is a look I often go for. I think Kim did a better job.. the color of the face is the same of the body. I preferred look#2 but how are yall going to determine a winner based on the poll? Even though I love HD, I’m gonna have to vote for KIM here I just now voted Kim. She looks great aswell. Lo: We’ll determine the winning look based on the one that got the highest percentage of votes.
Vivre Jewelry Sale! January 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Shiny Shoulders February 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I’m not one to shy away from bright shoulder bags , but there’s a certain dynamic involved in carrying them. First rule, don’t match your clothing with your brightly colored tote. A neon bag and neon tee is so… Paris Hilton-y . Try wearing nude tones, anything from grays to beige’s do the job wonderfully. Just remember, don’t start wearing your colorful shoulder candy till the sun starts shining. Love how a vibrant bag looks again a nice tan… *Images courtesy of asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Nicole Kidman’s Necklace October 26, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Mel writes: “Let me start off by saying how much I love your website – it’s a brilliant way of keeping track of what’s hot and what’s really not. Anyways, the real reason I’m writing is in the hope that you can track down a necklace that Nicole Kidman is wearing on the front of the latest Australian issue of InStyle. The necklace is gorgeous and I must own it! Please help!” Well Mel, we can honestly say that the second we laid eyes on Nicole’s photo, we had a feeling who the designer was. It’s a dead ringer for a Chanel fine jewelry design. The pearl and bow scream ‘French Fashion House”, and we can’t agree with you more on how hot it is. But since we don’t have access to InStyle Australia, we can’t give you a sure answer. Try contacting your local Chanel for further information. On the other hand, we found a few similar versions for much less here , here and here . Good luck and happy hunting! *Images courtesy of gofugyourself.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Thanks girls! I’ve currently tracking down the Vera Wang version, but it that doesn’t work out, I’ll order the third one you found. You’re stars x Vivienne Westwood does similar bow styles too!! http://www.hervia.com/AW09-Vivienne-Westwood-Jewellery-Vivienne-Westwood-Necklaces-Vivienne-Westwood-Pendants/c1_2_230/p3881/Diamante-Bow-and-Pearl-Pendant/product_info.html
TeenVOGUE Young Hollywood Party September 21, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Thursday night TeenVOGUE magazine hosted a soiree for the latest up and comers in Hollywood, and yes most of them consisted of teeny boppers who hail from the Nickelodeon and Disney channels. Besides the point that much of us aren’t that acquainted with their work (or at least don’t admit to it), there is one thing we share in common: a love for fashion. Keep a close eye on these youngins, they will be leading the style pack in a few years, if not already. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Party Perfect August 16, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic If you’re invited to a party this summer, and want to be the center of attention ( other than the chocolate fondue fountain of course ), then take a que from these following Chic Partygoers: *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No No No! November 12, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Just because you became his ex, doesn’t mean you should look like her! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and realmusicpeople.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Wow, I saw that picture too and I was wondering what’s going on.. If retro glam is a fetish for MManson or his new (ex) girlfriend was pulling a Dita for him…
Natalie Portman Chic November 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We just love the contrast of Natalie’s blue dress and yellow clutch. Doesn’t it sound wrong but look oh so right? She looks like an semi-precious stone collection. So we decided to recreate the look for all of you out there, great holiday party ensemble! Bonus? The dress is under $200! Voom by Joy Han Pleated Bubble Dress KOTUR Fino Vintage Brocade *Images courtesy of prphotos.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No, No, No! September 3, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic What happened to her style? And how many No’s can YOU spot??? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtey of Chic Intuition Inc. ha, I saw the pic on celeb blog and thanks for pointing out how random and bad Kirsten’s outfit is. There are C list porn stars that have better fashion sense than her. LOL! thats hilarous Zenys!
New CFDA Members July 22, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized We just wanted to give a quick shout out to the latest additions to the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA). There are 31 new members which include some of our personal faves: Alexander Wang, Jason Wu, Chris Benz, and Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen! Wow, well deserved bunch. Manhattan’s Four Seasons restaurant will host an intimate group of CFDA members, retailers and editors at an Oct. 21 reception for the new inductees. Can’t wait to see the red carpet at that event. Here’s to more success for the young designers, and hopes for great, new talents to receive their well deserved recognition in the future as well. *Images courtesy of zimbio.com , mkashley.com , and closetdiaries.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Besties October 18, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Street Chic *Images courtesy of becauseimaddicted.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Black magic sisterhood
Ask Chic: Whitney Port’s Mint Dress March 22, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader JB asks: “I love Whitney Port’s dress that she is wearing [here]… but I have no idea what brand it is and it’s killing me! Please help…Thank you! Oh and I love your site “ So we have an admission JB, we were on the verge of giving up after searching non-stop with no results ( Readers: we even sent her a ‘ sorry, we couldn’t find it ‘ e-mail ). I don’t know, I guess I was just having one of those days where….I blanked out. At the last minute I decided to check Whitney’s own line (duuh), and lo and behold, the dress was there (in another color). You can find it here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of zimbio.com and whitneyport.celebuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rompertastic September 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find You know how much we love rompers here at Chic Intuition, so we just couldn’t pass up not showing this one to you. It features feather trim and an asymmetrical fold-over collar at the crossover V neck, and it is just perfect. It’s actually not bad price-wise, we expected it to retail for much more. Talk about a show stopper. Take a better look at it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
People’s Choice Award Sinners January 8, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Queen Latifa : What did you say? Sorry, we couldn’t hear you over that dress. Paris Hilton : My 5 year old niece called, and she wants her dress back. Jordin Sparks : We know you might not have had a chance to attend your prom, but please for the love of fashion stop wearing those metallic cocktail dresses! Malin Akerman : We’ll give you two awards, ‘Best Ill-Fitting Dress of the Night’ and ‘Worst Matching Accessories’ *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: The Layering Effect January 22, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Loooove those two top looks.
Miranda Kerr Chic July 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Lately, Miss Kerr has been wowing us with the simplicity and yet sheer genius of her blazer and jeans outfit combos. Her style formula of this season has basically consisted of a chic blazer, a neutral shell, and a slim great-fitting pair of jeans. Although we’ve seen her in black blazers and grey blazers, this sherbet color one really made an impact! Large enough to make me take to the internet instantaneously to search frantically for a similar one! To get her look: Gucci Blazer Splendid Cotton Blend Tank 7 for All Mankind Roxanne Cropped Jeans Christian Louboutin Horatio 120 Pumps *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No, No, No! August 26, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic We know that she’s on her way to set here, and we’re hoping and praying that Drew’s playing the part of a very unstylish woman lost in the city, if not then someone made a fashion boo-boo!! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Actually, this reminds me of a lot of outfits Carrie Bradshaw would wear. I guarantee that if this was on her character people would call it genius. Personally, I totally agree with you – what a bizarre outfit! Prairie Pirate? Wow Anna, legit point. Carrie did have some crazy outfits, but they somehow made sense. That’s why ppl refer to Patricia Field as a genius, she was way ahead of her time in a styling sense. But in this case, Drew’s outfit just made me go ‘huh’? If she was just wearing a solid tank and heels it would be a good outfit!
Ny Fashion Week: Street Chic February 18, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Girl, you take my breath away…and so does your outfit! To get the look: *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love this look! like this look. it’s smart ~~hehe, i like blazer.
The vest… July 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Femme by Hilary Duff September 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The much anticipated Femme by Hilary Duff for DKNY Jeans is finally here! It’s been no secret that we Chics have been extreeeeeemely excited by this collaboration and couldn’t wait for it to hit stores. Don’t believe us? Exhibit A , Exhibit B , Exhibit C … Now that we’ve proved our point, let us say that we can’t wait to purchase these pieces especially since so far most are under $100. My fave piece? It has to be either the butterfly cozy or the fringe t-shirt. Keep your eyes open for this line on macys.com but for now check out some pieces here . Use Code DKNY17 for 20% off your entire order! I have been excited as well, but all the good pieces, like the fringe shirt, is already sold out! Love Hilary’s clothing range! Shame I missed it! What I really want though is the BOOTS the model is wearing for the ‘Femme’ range? I’ve been looking for ages for boots like that and I love it!! Anyone know where I can get them? omg I love it where can I get this outfit and especially the boots and pants
Chic Guessing: Leather Shorts August 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Can you guess which shorts retail for $759 and which for $99 ? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Pump Up the Volume! June 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Tips 80s Chic is definitely back! Not only are designers bringing back the outrageous fashions of the 80s, but even the bold makeup and punk hairdos were moonlighting on the Fall 2009 runways. One designer in specific, Mr Marc Jacobs (♥♥♥!) himself took it to a whole new level! The extreme hair and makeup at his show really made an amazing effect. Shop here for some products from MAC that will help you achieve a similar look. Oh and make sure to tone it down a little. 80s beauty may be hot on the runways but I don’t think the streets are ready for it quite yet! *Images courtesy of style.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Alert: Blowout Sale at Singer22! October 6, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com
SAG Awards Winners January 26, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Emily Blunt- All that glitters. Kate Winslet- The belle of the award season. Rosario Dawson- A tall glass of champagne, literally. Christina Applegate- Green is definitely her color. Evan Rachel Wood- Three style wins means she’s definitely filtered out all that is Marilyn Manson from her system. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love kate winslet, so glamour..sexy
MTV’s House of Style March 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Today I finally had the time to sit down and watch a new MTV show that aims at “ taking you into the inner santum of the fashion world “. Ya, I’m not digging this brief. First off, what the heck is a Santum?! Sounds like an unflattering body organ if you ask me. Yes, we googled it, and no it’s not a word. So does MTV think that if they create a snazzy word, viewers are actually going to like the show more? Umm, no. We’ll give them the benefit of the doubt, and take that it’s a typo (they probably meant sanctum: An inviolably private place ). We thought we wouldn’t start off by judging the brief, and decided on giving the show a chance. We wish we had judged them. Bar Ravaeli is an amazing model, but an awkward host. It was really hard to follow her choppy sentences. Let. Us. Take. A. Look. At…..you get where we’re going. The ideas for the segments were great, but we felt like they were too many for a 20 minute show. Only part we liked was Erin Featherston’s dinner party (more about that tomorrow). Sigh . Sorry, we might seem a bit harsh but we expected more from MTV. Did any of you catch it? *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. seriously what’s so good about Bar Rafael??? I don’t get it. ehm I think they mean SANCTUM yeah i second mien on the sanctum bit. Hehe ya Mien, like we said we’re guessing they meant ‘sanctum’. You’d think MTV would have people who proofread or at least spell-check before they put this info up… Just goes to show you that we all make mistakes
The Teen Voguettes December 7, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
GAP x CFDA Collaboration May 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Every year, the Gap happens to create a capsule line entitled ‘Design Editions’ where they collaborate with the ‘it’ crowd. You know, just the kids nominated by one of the most prestigious fashions forums, CFDA/ Vogue Fashion Fund. And every year, I sit waiting patiently in front of my laptop for the items to drop online to feed my fashion appetite. I honestly still wear my Doo.Ri scarf neck blouse religiously from ’06. Who’s in the crowd this year!? The pack includes none other than fashion guru Alexander Wang! The theme for this year seems to be khaki, and though I’m not a fan of the fabric, I wouldn’t mind getting my hands on the patterned dresses. Swoon . Items will be released June 16th. *Images courtesy of racked.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. those dresses are Vena Cava…. ya i know..genius! and the jackets are by Wang..
Steve Madden Takes 20 August 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Images courtesy of stevemadden.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Me Likey January 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love this shirt.
Every Girl Needs a Trick or Two Up Her Sleeve July 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks This season, the action seems to all resonate near the shoulder area. Whether your sleeves are puffed, pleated, beaded, or ruffled, a detail on your sleeves is a major MUST. We searched the internet far and wide and found some of our favourite sleeves out there. The good thing is that with these gorgeous accessories, you also get the rest of the top! I know it may be a corny joke but those sleeves are so beautiful they really can be sold as a piece on their own. Thayer Ruffle Sleeve Top Clu Puff Sleeved Blouse in Pale Blue See by Chloe Dot Ruffle Sleeve Blouse Torn by Ronny Kobo Cecile Embroidered Top Loeffler Randall Confetti Sleeve Blouse in Purple T-Bags Beaded Top
Jessica Simpson’s Cover Look August 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Inspiration: Blackout July 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The DVF clutch is so cute! I love the reflective studs, perfect for fall.
Ask Chic: Sleeveless Cardigan February 3, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Dayana writes: “ Hi Babes… I’ve been following your site for quite some time now. Your fashion tips are awesome! I wanted to ask you for some fashion tips, since your are sooo good at giving them. I just bought a long sleeveless cardi/vest (black) but I don’t know how to wear it. Can u give me some tips?? For work as well as casual outings please .” Hi Dayana. Thank you so much for your kind words! We love giving you guys fashion tips (kinda like going shopping with our girlfriends). I too am a huge fan of the sleeveless cardi! I love the fact that you can dress it up and down and instantly look like a fashionista. Here are just two of many great looks that I’ve compiled for you with this versatile piece. Sorry I chose a charcoal one but black will look just as great. Good luck! *Images courtesy of forever21.com and NET-A-PORTER.COM . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hi guys! I’m looking desperately for a grey/black sleeveless cardigan. But unfortuntely, I can’t find it anywhere! Do you know where I can find it? (I forgot to mention that I’m not from UK. So Topshop and other high-street brands aren’t able for me). Thanks
Givenchy vs Juicy July 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Something smells a little fishy around here ….Remember this amazing blazer we posted months back? Well now the ladies over at Juicy Couture have decided to design a little sister for it. Same striping, kinda similar cut, but lacking the magnificence of its predecessor. What do you guys think? *Images courtesy of style.com and ssense.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
One LBD Three Ways November 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks The Dress: Maje Entry Silk Dress Night Out: Christian Louboutin Bloody Mary Ankle Boots Casual: James Perse Open Draped Cardigan Falke Twin Pack of Leggings Celine Leather Riding Boots Work: Vivienne Westwood Red Label Exaggerated Lapel Fitted Jacket Tory Burch Laura Patent Pumps
Jump for this Jumpsuit August 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Can you believe that this baby is on sale for $29.99? Off the bat, we can imagine 5 different outfit combos with this jumpsuit. What about you? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
SKIRTilicious August 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Have any of you out there been watching the latest Project Runway? Well, for those of you that haven’t, there’s an annoying contestant (who will remain nameless) that thrives on adding ‘-licious ‘ to every single noun, adjective, and verb out there. At first I thought it was kind of cute, but now I’m starting to cringe every time he does it. We know that last season it was ‘fierce’ that caught on, and Christian Siriano will probably trademark the word. Got me thinking, if I were to add an ending to any fashionable noun out there what would it be? Skirt! And who should I bestow the skirtilicious honor upon? *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. ugly…next
OMG! Gossip Girl Saves Retail! July 28, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic
The shrug… February 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here .
Top 5 Style Stars of 2008 December 31, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Rihanna- Best style… period! Blake Lively- Best newcomer style. Nicole Richie- Best new mommy style. Anne Hathaway- Best red carpet style. Rachel Bilson- Best androgynous style. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i would have picked leighton meester’s style over blake lively’s for “best newcomer style”! but YES… RIHANNA. why serena and not blair! I agree with all of them!! Good choice But off course that it’s messing a lot of people. BJS *keep it stylish*
It’s just a rosy day… February 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Clothing & accessories clockwise from top left: 1. Joie Rock Steady Fringe Suede Booties 2. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM Double-breasted lamé blazer 3. Retrosun Vintage Gucci sunglasses 4. WILLOW Ruffled silk trapeze top 5. Bijoux Heart 24-karat gold-plated crystal earrings 6. MIU MIU Large stamped patent-leather wallet *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the color! You are so good at making collages. Can you help me? This is my site:
Statement Jewelry: Black & Gold November 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Yochi Black and Gold Starburst Ring $38 Ben-Amun Black and White Sculpture Cuff $280 Blu Bijoux Onyx Facet Bib Necklace $125 ABS Wide Studded Black Bangle $95 drools
Two is Always Better than One! August 31, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Golden Goddess September 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic Yes, the timing for this photograph was perfect. Yes, her hair oh so conveniently matches the color of the Parisian pavement. The sun is setting, its rays glimmering against her perfectly tailored gold harem pants. And yes she makes us jealous. I have to have a pair of gold pants! Thank God for Revolve Clothing . Get them here. *Images courtesy of stylesightings.com and revolveclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I know this lovely girl She works for the Danish fashion brand Friis & Company.
What is this? September 10, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic We are all for art and the abstract. We love an innovative, intriguing piece of expression. But when we first saw this handbag, we thought it was a joke, as in “ oh hehe what a funky piece of photoshopped work!! Wonder what the artist was trying to convey?? ” Something about poverty, and not enough hands to carry the bag. Or about how society today is hungry for the materialistic, so much so that the artist added excess handles. You know, the usual. Readers, this is an actual bag. An actual LV handbag, for humans to carry. We swear. Not octopuses, but for humans. Seriously, what…. the…. $%^& *Image courtesy of louisvuitton.com . that is one fugly bag HAHA!
This is how it’s done. December 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Tips , Not Chic So we feel bad for going off on the Olsen’s style lately, we’re usually super fans, supporting most of their style choices. After yesterday’s post of MK wandering around LA after leaving LAX, we found this image of Ashley leaving the same airport. Notice how similar but different their outfits are. The concept is basically the same: travel/comfort chic. But the execution is totally different. Though MK opted to go for the homeless look, Ashley manages to appear pretty well put together. They key is to balance fitted and loose clothing. Yes, you heard us. There’s a detailed equation that goes with the layering trend, and we’re going to show you how it’s done. Take note at Exhibit A’s choice of pairing leggings with her loose (but tailored) coat. Now Exhibit B on the other hand, goes for an extremely long, floor dragging length coat ( don’t even want to know how many germs she has following her ) and adds a very long scarf and long tee under it as well. If it were up to us, we’d loose the scarf, shorten the coat a bit, and add a wide belt to the whole look. Voila. There you have it ladies. The secret to layering success. *Images courtesy of olsen-files.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Quirky T-Shirts September 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Now everyone can all be able to afford a piece from our fave (usually pricey) designers thru their cute and fairly inexpensive t-shirt designs. I love the idea of wearing one of these creations under a blazer or a sequined jacket. Wouldn’t that be hot? Check out our picks: 1. Juicy Couture Tree Print T-shirt 2. Sass & Bide Que Sera Sera T-shirt 3. See by Chloe Bunny Print T-shirt 4. Luella Pony Print T-shirt 5. Sonia by Sonia Rykiel Printed Face T-shirt The shirts are cute but they all 100% cotton, the prices do not have to be that high.
60 Minutes: Anna Wintour May 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find If you want a rare insight to the world of Vogue’s editor-in-chief, then here’s your chance. A compelling interview, to say the least. Though Anna doesn’t ever break, there does seem to be clear reason for her hard as rock exterior. Do you think Vogue would be as successful without her? i believe without anna vogue would fall. woow! looks likes shes trying really hard to be “nice”
Taylor Momsen Wardrobe Staples January 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of membersonlystyle.com , people.com , and mixedgreensblog.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I could say that comparing to her i’m just missing the coffee BJS *keep it stylish* I also LOVE my leather jacket and it is a true staple of mine. ^_^ she’s so cute ! xxx Remove the non-recyclable coffee cup from the ‘wardrobe staples’ – it’s stylish to be green.
Lollapalooza Chic August 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Net A Porter Pickings March 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks There’s a little game I love to play where I go on net-a-porter.com and fill my cart with everything I love pretending I have an unlimited budget. Then reality hits and I realize that I have to really narrow my list down if I want to end up with anything at all! Here is my narrowed down version of my net-a-porter picks for spring… 1. Red Valentino Jersey Ruffle T-shirt 2. Valentino Tiered Coral-Shaped Necklace 3. Matthew Williamson Detachable-Sleeve Leather Jacket 4. Alice by Temperley Mini Pixie Eyelet Dress 5. Miu Miu Bird Suede and Python Clutch 6. Brian Atwood Loca Studded Pumps LOVE #6!!! Hahahaha I do EXACTLY the same, it’s a really fun game to play. Unfortunately I never get to buy anything. =( LOVE! especially the Brian Atwood heels, the dress and -gasp!- that jacket!! OMG if I could only live next to one of this great stores but Im as far as hell from them!!!=( Those heels are SJP ones!! I love them since the very first time I saw her wearing them!! So many pretty things but so miles away from me…
Chanel Resort 2009… May 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks is Ooh La La! After seeing the pictures of the Chanel Resort Collection showing in Venice I couldn’t help but yearn to be there. What a perfect setting huh? The daylight, the sandy beach, and the summery clothing all scream perfection ! All hail Uncle Karl who always seems to think up creative ways to show his line! How cool is this??? Still can’t get over it… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Louis Vuitton Fall 2009 March 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks After seeing the pics of the upcoming Louis Vuitton collection, I must say I am thoroughly impressed. The pieces are unmistakably classy especially when compared with last seasons’ debacles . I love the gold and black color combo and really can’t wait to get my hands on one or two or three or four of these pieces… It’s hard to plan for a recession when the future looks so bright! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Jessica Alba Chic August 31, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Ok so we are adding ‘ Leather Blazer ‘ to our Fall Wishlist while we’re posting this. Why? Just take a look at Jessica Alba and you’ll know why. So friggin’ hot! We re-did the look for you guys, check out our picks: Halogen Leather Blazer Kain Label Pocket Tank JNBY Model Harem Pants Miss Me Women’s London-1 Platform Pump Hammered Love Necklace *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She is gorgeous! Love Jessica Alba!
Fendi Flapper Cheap Chic September 4, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic I remember in June when I spotted a picture of a lady wearing the Fendi Multi-Tiered Flapper Dress and instantly I fell in LOVE. The only problem? I would never pay almost $2000 for a dress to wear out on a leisurely day walking the streets of LA. It needed an occasion and yet I couldn’t help thinking that I liked the idea of wearing it with a pair of shoe booties and some sunglasses nonchalantly on a day out on the town. Well, the dress in question has been sold out for quite some time now but I happened to stumble upon a surprising alternative. This Heaven on Earth Ra Ra Button Through Dress is almost identical to the Fendi and at $260 is a fashionable steal! Stylish street chicers here I come *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.blogspot.com and asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Animal Style March 23, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find I’m a huge fan of anything cheetah, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that it could be any thing. I’d love a pair of cheetah patterened shades, but I’ll pass on cheetah printed slacks. So to explain myself further, I love cheetah accessories . Yes, that sounds right. When I first spotted these Jeffrey Campbell sandals on Shopbop , my heart jumped a beat. Imagine how hot they’d look with a nude dress, or a pair of skinnies and a black top. The options are endless. Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shoe Lust July 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What are the Giuseppe Zanotti ones buckled boots called?
New @ Net-a-Porter August 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Interior Inspiration March 11, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic , Uncategorized I know that this site revolves mainly around style, but what if we spot a stylish girl with a killer pad? We can’t help but mention it, especially since I’m an architect and dabble in interior design myself. Ever since the start of The City , I’ve been eying the apartments of the stars and have to admit that each and everyone of them either has killer interior taste or some major mula that allows them the convenience of a fab Upper East Side Interior Decorator. Let’s take a look at Exhibit A: Olivia Polermo’s apartment. The secret to her stylish abode is credited towards her interior designer mother and the fact that her trust fund allows her the comfort of unlimited furniture selections; so the girl’s basically working with two advantages. That point aside, we still think that with the right theme and attitude, anyone can create a similar space. Olivia’s apartment has “a 1960s look with a classic, old Hollywood feel”, which we just adore. The fact that her space is retro, means that it’s timeless and thus little Oli will never get bored in its vicinity. Just remember that shopping for furniture is not like shopping for clothes, a trick that Olivia’s mom taught her, “you need to think of the look of the entire apartment.” Touche! *Images courtesy of nypost.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Well Looky Here… February 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Ever since that infamous episode of the The Hills where poor Whitney plummets to the ground on live television, I’ve been obsessed with Mr. Andre Leon Talley. He’s so talented, sweet and snarky at the same time. If you’re a fan as well, then you’ll be happy to know that he’s signed on to judge the 14th Season of America’s Next Top Model. Starting March 10, you will be able to watch the editor-at-large for Vogue USA give his opinions as a guest judge; he will take the place of J. Alexander, who will now coach strutting to the models. How does Talley’s boss, Anna Wintour, feel about his latest gig? “I think his latest adventure sounds like a lot of fun and I look forward to watching him on the program.” Do you agree? *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Good stuff!! I’m excited!
Tracy Feith for Target March 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Seems like this is the gazillionth post we’ve done on a designer collab with Tarjay, but what can we say?! The public looooves it. What about us? Well we’ve hearted some and hated some, but it all comes down to personal taste and final product quality. So onto the latest designer de jour: surfer dude Tracy Feith. His collection is colorful, playful, and just damn cute. Can’t wait to get our hands on those 60s inspired dresses!! The line comes out May 17th, so mark your calendars. P.S. Is it just us, or does it seem like The City’s Allie is modeling here as well? *Images courtesy of target.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rihanna Chic September 2, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Wow! I tried really hard to avoid doing a celebrity-related post today (sorry Chic Freak) but couldn’t help it after seeing this HOT pic of Rihanna. Her look is perfect for a day out on glam Rodeo Drive and still has a hint of simplicity that makes it easy to translate into our daily ‘not so glam’ lives. I’ve compiled a very similar look for those of you that are interested below. Now, “how ’bout a round of applause?” 1. Acne Jeans Biggie Top 2. J Brand Pencil Leg Jean 3. Chloe Myrte Sunglasses 4. STEVEN by Steve Madden Women’s Byanka Strappy Sandal *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love Laurel!shes soo funny! great interview!
Baby Bump Chic July 5, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic After finally admitting to her greatly speculated pregnancy, seems like Ashlee Simpson has chosen the “hippie” way to go, maternity-wear wise. Long, flowy dresses paired with hobo bags, dangling necklaces and headbands seem like the uniform of choice for this expecting mama. We even recommend this look for the non-preggers of the bunch as well, since anyone can pull it off with a cinch. Just remember, not every maxi dress is flattering. I know, flattering and pregnant shouldn’t go in the same sentence in any scenario, but take a few pointers from Ashlee and know what works best on your bod… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
I spy with my little eye… August 6, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized a froggie! I used to love frogs. There was a little pond ( ok not a pond, but a hole with water in it ) near our backyard, and we used to catch the tiny baby frogs and giggle as they jumped up and off our palms. Memories. Now that I think of it, how in the world would I allow myself to touch a frog is beyond me! Anyways, it seems like Mr. Jacobs likes frogs as well. The inspiration for the clasp on this bag is just divine, and I’m loving the orang ish red. We first posted on the wristlet version of this bag that Fergie was seen carrying. Honestly, I love this larger version more, and unfortunately it’s not available anywhere online. For those of you wondering, the bag is my cousin’s and the photo was taken by my sister who’s just started dabbling in photography. WOW very very nice bag! HAHAHA:P Luv the pic AND the bag 😉
Chic Bargain Site- Ideeli July 30, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic You know us Chics really love a bargain! Especially when it’s a designer bargain. Who can resist when it comes at to that point? Seriously, who ? We’d actually like to meet such a strange creature (if it exists). Anyways, we introduced you guys to Gilt Groupe, and now one of our new favourites is Ideeli . “Ideeli is an invitation-only shopping community which creates daily online events providing members with the ideal shopping experience: privileged access to the most sought-after brands and products, often at privileged prices. Members love it not only for the great products and prices. Brands participate because ideeli shopping events allow them to convey their brand story and value to affluent and aspirational women who are interested and paying attention.” Interested in joining? Go to Ideeli and enter the invitation code “friends.” Btw just so you know, tomorrow they’re selling Nicole Miller dresses for up to 71% off!
All Wrapped Up December 28, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic We just loved this Street Chic outfit, not to mention the person donning it. Yes, it helps that she has a gorgeous face, but don’t you agree that her chunky knits are just divine? We’re currently digging the infinity scarf trend, they take any look up a chic notch, so why not try it the next time your faced with a f rrr eezing weather frenzy? Bop Basics Thick Knit Infinity Scarf $68 Juicy Couture Luxe Cable Infinity Scarf $175 a.Ok Black Ribbed Infinity Scarf $56 *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love knit scarves! They make an outfit look even better. Love!
Rachel Bilson Chic January 17, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ok, so it’s probably a given that you will look stunning if your in a Chanel dress. But what adds to the hot factor is how you accessorize it. Take a look at Rachel for example. She’s paired her ethereal dress with a black leather belt and patent t-straps. Other people might have opted to go for nude pumps and nothing else, but in Rachel Bilson’s case the contrasting color adds a whole other dimension that we’re digging. Like her look? We decided to re-create the whole thing for under $250! Happy Shopping! Pisarro Nights Beaded Tiered Shift Dress $148 Banana Republic Leather knotted belt $40 Pleaser Women’s Vanity-415 D’Orsay Pump $32 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love seeing ‘Dress For Less’ features. They’re so much fun, especially when most of us can’t really afford Chanel! Thanks for sharing. :] You’re welcome
Mysterious Girl January 18, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love it. She kind of looks like Blake Lively? Is she? love the outfit especially the layering. – http://tiffanyssmallworld.blogspot.com/
Leopard Scarves September 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Ever since we did that post about Celebs and Leopard Print Scarves , we’ve been searching far and wide for our own. At some point one of us was even considering buying the original Louis Vuitton version (donned by Sienna Miller, Miranda Kerr, and Kate Walsh) for $750!!! Luckily, we were able to find a few very similar and much more affordable versions. Check ’em! Alloy Leopard Scarf $20 Crumpet Leopard-Print Cashmere Scarf $300 Tolani Leopard Print Scarf $99 UO Patterned Scarf $28 *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I am thankful for shopping deals. November 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert In the spirit of giving, we decided to scour numerous online venues for the bestest Thanksgiving deals. Sales, sales, and more sales. All you have to do is click on the banner and it will take you directly to the page of your choice. That easy. Happy Deal Shopping!
Chic Guessing- White Vest July 6, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which of these two white vests is $434 and which is $98 ? I think the $98 is better!!!
The perfect Spring dress… December 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it at shopbop.com . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. This is sooo gorgeous!! This dress is so fabulous! I cannot wait for winter to be over. xoxo http://oppositeofvulgarity.blogspot.com/ Oh my gosh ! I just got the latest Elle,December Issue, and I was hoping you guys would do a post of this beautiful DVF dress ! You guys never let me down !! :]
House of Harlow 1960 by Nicole Richie March 15, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Ever since her ethereal appearance at Kitson’s last week, I’ve been enviously eying Nicole’s gold headpiece. Obviously I knew it was a new item for her jewelry line, but I never thought that it would be up for grabs so soon. Leave it to Singer22 to have first dibs on the latest items from the House of Harlow 1960 jewelry line, and leave it up to Nicole’s fans to buy in the bulks. Check out all the pieces before they disappear into oblivion! *Image courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love the accessories! i cannot believe the beauty behind these pieces! that gold headband is absolutely to die for! and 50 dollars for the cocktail ring isnt much, no?
Miroslava Duma Chic September 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Never heard of her. I’m so out of touch. I don’t consider this minimum…that’s a fairly *heavy* necklace…I agree with your statement but the picture is not a good example… Actually xoxoxkiki, it is making a statement.. I you knew how to accessorize you would understand.. The sweater is the trend. The SIMPLE necklace is added to give the sweater more umph and the hair is pulled back, rather than down and curly! if**
Perfection is… November 26, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Slip-N-Slide: Model Edition February 17, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Reminiscent of the Prada Spring 2009 show, models at Herve Leger (design reigns now handed over to Max Azria) were having to handle a bit of a runway malfunction. Around two to three models actually met the runway face to face, while a few others managed to avoid the encounter by slipping and sliding around. The crowd was seen applauding when the models got up (double embarrassment). Personally, every time I see a model fall on the runway, I blush. I can’t help but feel for these girls who have to manage balancing in sky high heels, while walking ferociously down an uncomfortably sleek and slippery runway with an audience of hundreds and cameras by the dozen. Awkward designed pumps: not chic. A slip and slide for a runway: not chic at all . *Images courtesy of fashionologie.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love the fact she’s smiling after all hehe she still managed to look cute!
Scarlett Johansson for Mango October 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We are in love with the latest Mango ads featuring Miss Johansson. They are fresh, edgy, and sexy all at once. It’s no wonder they chose her as their latest spokesperson, no one can resist her mysterious demure. In addition, we heart the styling of the shoot below. Her beaded mini ads a touch of spice to her blazer+tee combo. Just take a look at the image below and judge for yourself. *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Too thin! she looks like jessica stam here… I LOVE HER HAIR! I think I’m going to have to imitate it.
Monochromatic Street Chic August 29, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The City At Last June 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Its been a while since we’ve last seen the gang from one of our fave ‘reality’ shows, The City. Well, we know that two-thirds of the faces here are unrecognizable (we hear that MTV just signed on two new faces for some mayjah dramaz ). Any sighting with Whitney fills us with glee, she’s always cute and put-together. Loves it, and can’t wait for season 2! *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Whitney never ceases to amaze me.
Fashion for a Cause August 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find How great does it feel to know that by buying this Tibi dress you are supporting Fashion Targets Breast Cancer® Worldwide? I know I sometimes feel guilty spending money on myself and not enough on charity but this actually makes the weight on my conscience a little lighter… Getting a super-hot exclusive dress and supporting charity at the same time results in a win-win situation. What more could you want? *Images courtesy google.com of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
A picture worth…a couple of words. February 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Wow, her face really looks skinny here, kinda photoshop picture perfect. Her locks is extension right? Lookin good tho.
Get the Look: Taylor Jacobson’s Embellished Blazer September 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get it here . *Image courtesy of bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Could tell me what the brand name is on her black embellished blazer? LOVE IT! It’s by Viktor and Rolf. I know! I love it too! could you tell me what kind of gold watch Taylor is wearing? the brand name? Laura: We actually dedicated a whole post to her watch: http://www.chicintuition.com/?p=4469
Paris Amour October 2, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Pretty in Paisley August 3, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Nothing screams summer like a cute patterned dress. So go ahead, take a que from these fellow fashionistas and hit the racks for some… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The blonde looks just like Taylor from The Rachel Zoe Project!! Love all three looks!!
Sharing is Caring November 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and celebrity-gossip.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No, No, No! April 22, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic I could think of thousands of things to do with $728 than to spend them on these “shoes”. I use quotations around the aforementioned word since, in my opinion, you can’t really call them shoes. A floor sweeping device, maybe. But not footwear. Can you just imagine the inspiration behind these babies? We’re guessing it had something to do with a mop and a komondor dog. Not Chic. *Images courtesy of dkimages.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tassle NOT Mules… I’m not the most graceful girl in the world. I can only imagine the disaster these would cause. Agreed. Knot + tassels + backless stilettos = fashion, and possibly physical, disaster!
Olivia Parlermo Chic August 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Even though The City is on a hiatus for now, there’s no reason to forget how fabulous the stars’ styles are. Take a look at Miss Parlermo brunching at a cafe in the East Village. The simplicity of her black tee is offset by her gorgeous necklace. We recommend trying this tuleste market as a chic alternative. *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. As much as she looks good, she is such an idiot on The City. Maria x http://www.myeverywish.blogspot.com She looks amazing!!! http://thesingular.blogspot.com I love the look. And the watch! beautiful!
Asos Cocktail August 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic Taking two designer dresses, mixing and matching between them to create the following in order to avoid a lawsuit, we think not cool. Try again next time Asos… *Images courtesy of zimibio.com and asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. lol…it seems that they’re lacking of creativity lately.. Oh, thanks ASOS! OK…so if you don’t like the comment you delete it? All I was trying to point out is that this is not a copyright issue. Lack of creativity, for sure, but I’ve noticed that people make a common mistake of throwing around copyright issues where there aren’t any. Sorry about that! Some comments are automatically deleted as spam… Ya we are also saying that it’s a major lack of creativity on their part! A lot of designers do that and we think they shouldn’t be copy-pasting from others but using certain inspirations and giving them their own personalized twist. the asos dress is actually my favourite. The Asos dress reminds me of the Marchesa dress Miley Cyrus wore to the American Music Awards and Hilary Duff on the set of Gossip Girl, minus the gold.
No No No! December 21, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Honey, if the outfit’s bad enough that you don’t want the papz seeing you in it, then it’s bad enough to be seen in out public! *Image courtesy of justjared.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Vanessa’s Hot Arm Candy October 24, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic By arm candy we don’t mean Zac Efron, we mean her hot Botkier Morgan Satchel . Yes folks, we’ve caught another celebrity Chic Intuition fan in the act. Remember when we featured this bag not once , but twice on this very blog? Well it’s obvious that Vanessa Hudgens saw it both times and just had to have it! Seriously though, who can resist? The color is gorgeous, the fringe is stylish, and the price point is reasonable. Vanessa is convinced, are you? If so, click here for the large and here for the small (which is on sale). *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Kate Moss for Topshop F/W 09 Collection August 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks I am totally in L.O.V.E with the new Kate Moss collection for Topshop! The pieces are the epitomy of luxury and the black and white photos are oh so glam. Miss Moss has really stepped it up with this collection. How do I know that? Ummm because I want one of each please! I’m especially digging the studded dress and black kaftan. If you’re lusting as well, check out the rest of the collection here . This makes me so glad my birthday is right around the corner.
Street Chic: 2 Styles, One Motive May 14, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic I’ve always been intrigued by switching gender roles in fashion. Of course, there’s a limit to how far one should go (no boxers under your boyfriend jeans ladies), but playing parts sure does make a difference on the mood. Let’s say I have a presentation to make, the minute I throw on my over-sized blazer I just know that the freak from the competitive department will not want to debate my designs. But if I’m in the mood for some attention, I just throw on a cute dress, pop some color on my lips and oh so glamorously sway around the cafe. This is how fashion is actually a factor in life changing moments. I love. Check out the ladies rockin’ some major opposing but simultaneously fabulous styles and swoon… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphcis courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. or you can mixed it up and have a hot alexander wang dress with a blazer, rings and boots.
Leighton For Reebok November 25, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic What do guys think of our fave Gossip Girl taking on the reigns as the latest face of funky tennis shoe designer Reebok? On the show her character is so posh and prissy that we can’t imagine Blair Waldorf in a pair of sneakers! But looking at these images of our fresh-faced fashionista actually make us crave a pair. Actually, never mind. The 80s called and want their shoes back, sorry L… *Images courtesy of trendmill.com and soleredemption.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
MET Institute Costume Gala May 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Now THIS is more like it!!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Jessica Biel looks a HOT mess! Are you guys serious!? Can she ever get it right??! There was a buinch of well dressed celebs at MET and you guys choice Jessica Biel as one of them?! Jessica Biel look flawless for the first time in a long time! Go Jess! Jessica Biel’s look is on point, very glamorous but still fun! iam loving all three! I didn’t like Jessica’s dress at all. But I think it may be only because she’s too muscular, everything looks so “drag” on her for some reason. not a fan of jessica or her look. the other two look gorgeous!
Double Tankin’ It March 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Tips Here’s a great example of how to rock a white tank, without exposing too much. A number of fashion faux pas occur with white tanks. You either have the wrong (brightly colored) bra, or an umm perky situation occurs for all eyes to see, or you just feel over exposed. Hilary Duff shows us how, with the simple pairing of another tank under her white one, she gets a cute stylish effect, while managing to keep things (note the plural) under careful discretion. Take note, ladies, take note. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rashida Jones Chic November 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Who else is feeling the pink combo that Rashida is seen wearing to the GQ Men of the Year Awards? This unlikely color for a blazer looks so chic when paired with a soft sequined tank dress. Loves it. I have to admit that I was happy to see Rashida’s character leave The Office ( go Jim & Pam! ), but I can’t get enough of Rashida out and about in Hollywood. To get the look: Chaps Corduroy Blazer Haute Hippie Sequin Tunic Mini Dress in Blush *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
She just can’t get enough… December 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of nrichienews.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I still remember her being Paris Hilton’s sidekick. Look at her now making a name for herself. Good for her. She totally changed her life around. Love the boots!
Carine Roitfeld CNN Chic March 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find
Loving McQ for Target January 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Here’s a look at a few pieces from the upcoming McQ for Target line. Let’s just say I am super excited! The stuff looks absolutely amazing and I’m sure the price tags will make it look even better… Now we just have to wait for it to appear in Target stores. You think it’s weird if I go right now to stand in line??? J/K of course! *Images courtesy of nylonmag.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. eh, not as good as i expected to be honest I’m most excited about the jumpsuit and the graphic tees. The studded also vest looks interesting, but I’ll have to see how the pieces fit. As soon as the line debuts in my store, I’ll post photos and opinions on my blog. I can’t wait until March 1st! love it. go the tees!
Chop chop! July 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll *Image courtesy of people.com .
Rachel Bilson Chic October 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love that this is how the girl dresses just to run some errands and drop her fiance off at the airport. What we covet most about her look, and the fact that made it post-worthy, is her pairing of grays with a shot of purple. Keep note ladies: when you want to add a splash of chic to any otherwise dull ensemble, color is always the way to go. Just remember to keep the color at a minimum (one piece) and you’re ready to go. Rachel is donning the LV leopard scarf, but we assumed you, like us, might be getting a little tired of all the spots we’ve been posting. We decided to pair our alternative look with a blue zebra scarf. Happy Shopping! Madewell Waverly Double Breasted Jacket $140 LNA Short Sleeve Pocket Tee $64 YARNZ Neo Zebra Scarf $165 Rebecca Minkoff Tess Drawstring Bag $595 Ray-Ban Wayfarer Sunglasses $139 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i love your recreation! but i really do want her bag, so perfect It’s by Phillip Lim and it’s called the Edie. For some reason we couldn’t find it anywhere online! Try calling his actual stores.
Chic Gifts- The Bling Babe December 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Ettika Wishbone Horseshoe and Peace Medley Charms Silk Necklace $75 2. Lavender Fringe Bib by Nicole Romano $200 3. Snake Ring by Roberto Cavalli $135 4. Leila Thin Chain Bangles $45 5. Gerard Yosca Cosmic Cuff $175 6. Jami Rodriguez Elephant Amethyst Drop Earrings $95 7. Kenneth Jay Lane Twine Earrings $50 8. Exhibitionist Sterling Silver Serpent and Dagger Earrings $187 i must have #3!
Alexa Chung Leopard Chic June 30, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic This outfit would have been an otherwise dull striped shirt and denim shorts combo if it weren’t for Alexa’s leopard bag. Don’t you just love the contrast of the print with her top? It just pops out perfectly, and we decided to give you lovers a few options of your own (with different prices) to check out: Dolce&Gabbana ‘Miss Martini’ Leather Flap Bag Alexander Wang diego bucket bag Nine West Party Box Leopard Minaudiere *Images courtesy of knighttcat.com, and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Hidden Wedges December 31, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find After seeing this snapshot of a pair of hot covered wedges, I just had to find a pair of my own. What I love about them is that from far they give the impression of flat boots and yet I get to enjoy the extra height benefits. Even Miss Richie herself is a fan of these babies. If you’re also coveting them, check out these 8020 Jackie Pebble Leather Hidden Wedge Boots . (Bonus: They’re on sale!) *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Interview: Song of Style May 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Interview Since we were on quite a Chic Interview dry spell, we’ve lined up a number of amazing bloggers for the next couple of weeks, and we’re sure their stylish greatness will erase any grudges we had for our shortcomings. Our next blogger, Aimee Song, is one we’ve been following for a while. Turns out she reciprocates the love. What a small cyberworld we live in. Hailing from San Fran, this 23 year old is the definition of Beautiful Blogger. Read on for some fun and then pay her a visit . Chic Intuition: We just have to start off by stating that you are gorge! (that’s Chic for gorgeous). What’s your beauty regime? Aimee: Thank you! Because I have sensitive skin, I avoid putting too much make up on. I only draw my eyebrows and wear blush. When I go out, I’ll put eyeliner on. I take showers daily at night and remove my make up with Aveeno Cleanser and after the shower dab on Lush’s Dream Cream, which is all natural so it doesn’t irritate my sensitive skin plus it keeps it very moisturized. If I every have dry spots, I’ll dab on Aquaphor on my skin. Chic Intuition: You seem to have a lot of friends in the blogosphere. Did you meet after you started Song of Style, or did the clique form through a cyberspace connection? Aimee: I met all of my blog friends after I started Song of Style. It’s amazing how many stylish bloggers that are actually really nice and friendly that live in San Francisco. Although I haven’t become friends with every blogger I met, the ones that I did become friends with are so amazing that I’ll probably have them for life. Chic Intuition: You have a jewelry collection that would cause envy in any stylish girl. What’s your fave piece and why? Aimee: Most of my favorite pieces are ones I’ve gotten from my grandmother. There is this one gold snake bracelet I used to wear everyday until I broke it, so now I have replaced it with a similar version of Kenneth Jay Lane’s panther bracelet I found at the Fairfax Flea Market. My citizen watch which I have also gotten from my grandma is my other favorite. Chic Intuition: We have something in common, you study interior architecture, one of us at CI is an architect. What do you think the connection between architecture and fashion is? Aimee: Oh wow, that’s amazing that one of u guys are an architect! Well, both in architecture and fashion, most of the time we try to create a comfortable yet inspiring experience for people. We deal with structure and shape and both architecture and fashion tell the social background of its inhabitants. I think I’m noticing the connection a lot more nowadays especially in interior design and fashion as both deal with fabrics. Chic Intuition: Would you choose comfort over style or the opposite? Aimee: Both are very important for me. I probably sacrifice both to a certain extent. I’ll never wear painful kitten heels in the hills of San Francisco but I do wear platform heels or wedges even if they aren’t as comfortable as tennis shoes. However, no matter how lazy and sick I am, I will never wear sweatpants. There is a reason why Fashion Gods created leggings. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how designer is too designer? Aimee: Let’s just say if you drive a car with Gucci logos all around the interior, umm that’ll be too designer. *Images courtesy of songofstyle.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She has a great blog. I love her! Wow, I started blogging because up until recently, I was totally immersed in my education. When I became acquainted with the fashion world I immediately saw a connection between it and architecture! I agree that both seek to create an experience, though sometimes a building isn’t representative of context, or careful of comfort; sometimes it is made uncomfortable, anonymous/cosmopolitan. To the CI member who is an architect, I would love to learn more about you (maybe a little interview?) if this ever gets to you, please e-mail me! flawless! “However, no matter how lazy and sick I am, I will never wear sweatpants. There is a reason why Fashion Gods created leggings.” That is probably my new favourite fashion advice/quote!! aha Thanks for posting the interview I’ve beena fan of Aimee for a while. Wish I lived in the States =P
The Girls in Glasses May 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find The day I swear off online shopping ( for now ), I happen to read Danny’s tweet about a t-shirt he’s designed, and couldn’t help but click away. Yes, I bought it. No I don’t regret it. I mean, it’s the best $35 I’ve spent in a while, can’t wait to pair it with a bf blazer , my Sass & Bide rats leggings , and Tory Burch leopard flats. Love you Danny! You can get your hands on one here , and while you’re at it, check out our interview we conducted with him a while back.. Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of igorandandre.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Awe thanks you so much!! wow this is great! your the the best! i want i want i want! I’M SO GETTING ONE!! Too bad my sister got it! Now, i have to wait for his next tshirt design! 😀 i love it – i NEED to swear off shopping for a week or so
Pastel Perfection April 8, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic Take a cue from Caroline Issa and pair your pretty pastels together for a summer look right off the runways. Thanks to our friend Le Fashion for showing us this masterpiece! *Image courtesy of candicelake.tumblr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE the skirt. She looks sooo natural!! LOVE her & her outfit! http://www.standon12cm.com xoxoxox
Shopbop’s Ultimate Closet February 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We couldn’t have named their picks anything but ‘ultimate’. They basically chose 15 wear now pieces, and created more than 9 hot looks with them. Every item is a keeper on its own, but together they look even hotter! Take a glimpse at our fave looks and then head on over to Shopbop to check out the other combos. Happy shopping!! *Images courtesy of shopbop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic Trend Report October 30, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The sequined shirtdress… March 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Gorgeous!!! http://www.styleblvd.blogspot.com
Just in case… December 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert you feel like you deserve some new footsies this Xmas… EDIT ! *Images courtesy of stevemadden.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The Swan Princess October 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Doesn’t this dress remind you of something you’d wear to a ballet recital, only much hotter and with a fiery price tag to match?! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. So chic! Whiteny Port wore this dress during NY Fashion Week!
No No No!/Yes Yes Yes! February 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review , Not Chic So yesterday we gave you a sneek peak at Christian Siriano’s shoe line, which we predicted to be, well what else can we say but ‘ Fierce ‘?! Now that the actual images of the shoes he designed for Payless came out, we’re kind of….. disappointed. Seems like his inspiration was more ‘Louboutin for Rodarte gone cheapy’ than his mentioned ancient Egyptian theme. Imagine trying to tuck one leg into another with one of those babies, OUCH! Other than the pointy pairs, we’re ok with the rest of the collection, kind of been there done that … *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. LOVE IT even the one on the far right is a no no are you saying that these are going to be at payless??? holy shi im am all over it, but i swear if they are over $60 i am going to have a fit right in the store. that last pair are perfect. I love these! Hopefully they are available everywhere, and not terribly expensive! bravo Christian!
Anne Hathaway: Harper’s Bazaar Chic June 30, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic Anne Hathaway graces Harper’s Bazaar’s August cover, on newsstands July 12th, and in the interview, the star opens up about love, career, and fashion. Talking about fashion, Anne says she “ feels like the luckiest girl in the world when I get to wear all these glamorous clothes, ” but away from the red carpet, she is decidedly more moderate: “ I’ve become a lot more specific about what I love and why I’m doing it ,” she says. Check out more here . *Images courtesy of harpersbazaar.com/annehathaway . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love this! Stephanie Hirsch is a well known fashion designer and artist. Check her profile here http://www.clos-ettetoo.com/blogs/clos-ette-favorites/3476662-clos-ette-favorite-stephanie-hirsch
Edgy Fashion at Singer22 January 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The top… December 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Buy it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. omg i love the leggings!!!!
Net-a-Porter Presents The Outnet! January 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Is the recession getting to you? Do you feel like your heart aches every time you see a pair of designer shoes or a hot bag that you just can’t afford? Well, your dream of owning these items for up to 80% off will finally come true! Natalie Massenet, the founder of Net-a-Porter, is set to debut an online designer outlet dubbed theOutnet.com this April. “It is going to be a silver lining of the recession. Women have got used to discounts,” said Massenet. “Sale shopping can be grubby but this will be quite chic.” To get a head start, sign up here and wait for the light to finally start shining on your fashionable future.
Get the Look: Chain Link Headband October 22, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic From the street to the stores and that’s how we like it! Ever since we’ve seen this angelic chained headband street chic shot from Fashion Week we have been mezmerized! Lucky for us, we all have a chance to recreate the look. A very similar version has popped up on Free People and only for $24. I don’t know about you guys but lately I’ve been really into that store! *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
LC Lauren Conrad for Kohls November 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Remember back when Lauren Conrad had her own line and it wasn’t doing so well? Ya that’s all changed. While the main problem with her old line was that her pieces were very basic at a nonaffordable price, her line for Kohl completely rectifies that situation. Now LC is giving the masses the perfect basics at an affordable price point which is genius in our book. Way to take a major setback and turn it around in your favor LC! Check out some of her favourite pieces below then head over to Kohl’s to shop this line. Ready, set, SHOP!!! *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i need that grey sweater! I know! I love it too! Brush stroke dress featured!! http://bellesandbulls.com/bbblog/2009/11/10/a-little-luxury-for-everyone/
Rachel Rachel Roy TransFOURmer Coat October 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review Liz from Rachel Roy emailed us about this coat and we had to post about it. Can you imagine one amazingly hot garment that can be transformed into four totally different items ? No? Well, neither could we. That’s why we had to show it to you in action below. And in this recession, we know you’ll be happy to pay the price of one droolworthy coat that provides numerous outfit options. Get yours here . Happy shopping! loves it! dope im so getting one
Babooshka-ing August 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review I’ve been meaning to write about my personal experience with my Babooshka asymmetrical tee, and my only excuse is that fashion took over my time. Remember the interview we did with the talented Francesca a while back? She so kindly rewarded us with a choice of any design, and I knew which one to choose instantaneously. The tee screams me, and I could imagine numerous outfit combos to dress is up or down. So you could only image how I excited I was once my package arrived. The tee was exactly what I expected and more. I loved the longer length in the back ( no need to worry about the junk in this trunk ), and it looked fab with a long chained necklace and skinnies. The only negative I could give was that after a wash, the fabric was affected (the seams ruffled a bit), but some might differ to say they love items that look like they’ve been through some wear and tear. To those of you seeking an affordable fix, head on over to her boutique. I just did, and I’m kinda eyeing her oversized box tee . Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of etsy.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Currently Craving: Holst + Lee Plate Necklace March 1, 2012 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Picks We are so loving the color block trend for this upcoming summer season that we’ve even taken the liberty of exploring accessories with a similar vibe. One necklace we are dying to get our hands on? This necklace by Holst + Lee. Just pair it with a plain tee and some patterned denim for the perfect look. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Gorgeous.
Celebrity Street Style… August 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Perfected!!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. ooo! i want that bag!
All dressed up… June 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks This editorial made us crave a lace white dress. Mind you, we both own one, just to prove the power of a pic. Oh, and did we mention it’s the same dress (which looks eerily similar to the one here). I think I might take it out of hibernation and give it another go this summer. Since we love ours so much, we took the liberty of choosing a dress for less for your delicate pleasure. Happy Lace Shopping! *Images courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Quiksilver for Women July 6, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Remember when Quiksilver was a very surfer oriented brand? When the only things you bought from it were swimsuit cover-ups and occasionally a pair of jeans or two… Well, all that has changed. As of last month, Quiksilver has added a women’s collection full of cute pieces that can be worn by fashionistas out there somewhere other than the beach. Another perk? The line is very affordable! Here are my personal faves: *Images courtesy of quiksilver.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Carrie Bradshaw Chic May 26, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Since we’re only a few days away from SaTC 2, Instyle.com have done us the pleasure of choosing 34 of Carrie Bradshaw’s most iconic looks. Amazing huh? That’s what we thought. Since we’re huge Sex & the City fans here at Chic Intuition, we decided to narrow the list down to our top 10 picks ( we know, so hard! ). Patty Field ( the show’s wardrobe designer ) is pure genius. *Images courtesy of instyle.com and hbo.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The Parisian stripes look is just gorgeous! The black & white stripes just do it for me (probably because they aren’t all the same size!) {Sarah} My fave look is the Parisian stripes one! Love it! I am a fan of clean, simple lines and silhouettes-classic American style. So, the Proenza Schuler, high/low mix, and, just for fun, Fendi baguette are my favorites. I’ve always yearned for the Rykiel top she’s wearing in the Parisian stripes photo.
It’s That Time of Year! November 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide We’re sure most of you ( we hope ) are starting to compile your Christmas shopping lists. The countdown has started and the big day is less than 7 weeks away! So it’s time we got started with our annual Chic Gift Guide for you guys. Everything is available to purchase online ( I mean, isn’t cyber shopping the way to do it these days?! ), and there’s something for everyone in all price ranges. If you have any comments or requests for specific categories don’t hesitate to throw us a comment!
Pair a White Blazer With… May 10, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Tips *Images courtesy of denimblog.com , olsen-twins-new.com , and beautylaunchpad.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Gift Guide for… November 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Sass & Bide The Runaround T-Shirt $255 2. La Mer Collections Motorcyle Chain Wrap Watch $110 3. M·A·C ‘Style Black’ Nail Lacquer $12 4. Robert Rodriguez Wax Denim/Leather Jacket $627 5. Current/Elliott The Moto Skinny Jeans $265 6. Charlotte Ronson Cutout Sweater Dress with Fringe $275 7. Cleobella Nevaeh Drawstring Bag $485 8. Charlotte Ronson Cutout Sweater Dress with Fringe $275 9. Bop Bijoux Pyramid Ring $88 10. Dolce Vita Flash Multi Chain Booties $202 loooooove that purse!!!!
Droplet Earrings Chic January 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I just love the unexpected mango color of these Kendra Scott Queen of Sheba Droplet Earrings . Don’t ask why, but I’m so into huge earrings these days. I guess my ears are bored of studs and crave some weight on ’em! Normally, someone would think that earrings of those colors would be difficult to pair with an outfit, but we decided to prove our case and show how they’d look just fab with three totally different dresses. Gotta love a versatile piece. Mara Hoffman Twist Back Mini Dress Diane von Furstenberg Juan One Shoulder Dress Dolce Vita Silvia Dress
Ashley Olsen’s Latest Trend May 9, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. And her Chanel sandals!
Mary Kate Olsen’s Rings August 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks It’s been awhile since we’ve re-created one of the Olsen’s jewelry look ( Ok, we lie it hasn’t been a while but haven’t you been craving it?! We know we sure have ). Although this image of Mary Kate is from well over a year, we couldn’t help but drool at her rings. Leave it to the ever handy online jewelry shop, Max & Chloe , to make the re-invention that much easier. Try: ABS Sparkling Snake Ring $55 Gara Danielle Swirled Peace Inspiration Ring $163 Karibou Baltic Amber Cabachon Circles Ring $72 Blu Bijoux Crystal Cocktail Ring $54 *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Brilliant. She is my accessory idol. Love Grace.
Audrina Patridge Tie Dye Jeans August 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Since the trend started early this summer, I wasn’t quite sold on tie dye jeans. I know the 80s are in, with all its glory (and sometimes gory) details. Bicycling shorts, neon’s, high hair, in addition to the aforementioned trend are all back with a vengeance. Honestly, I think this is the first time I spot splattered jeans and have fallen in love. Does her perfect body have anything to do with it? Maybe. But I know that when I place these babies in my shopping basket, I won’t feel any remorse ( like I do about my childhood photos, thanks Mom! ). Get these J Brand 12″ Skinny Jeans here , EDIT: or Audrina’s actual $65 Divine Rights of Denim pair here ! Thanks Kyrstle! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I think the one’s she is wearing is by Divine Rights of Denim…especially since she’s the spokesperson. Find the more affordable look here for $65!: Shop the top 150+ women’s contemporary designers NOW!
The jacket… March 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . Hi! I love you website and my visits here are daily! Though I simply adore the vest and jeans,I was wondering if you would enlighten me with where I can find the jumper, shorts, and/or dress! Thank you! Hey Amy! All the pieces are from net-a-porter.com. The Jumper is Vivienne Westwood, the shorts are Chloe, and the dress is Alice and Olivia.
10% Off Pink Mascara Items! October 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Just in time for the holidays, Pink Mascara has added several coupon discounts. We really recommend visiting the site for some great gift ideas. Boots, sweaters, handbags, and dresses go for 10% less when you click on the banners and enter these coupon codes: *Images courtesy of pinkmascara.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Lace Maxi Skirt Look September 23, 2011 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Bridget wrote: ” I have recently bought a new white lace maxi skirt. It has no lining so I have to wear white bike shorts underneath- not so chic. Please help me find a fun stylish top I could wear with this skirt to get an idea as to what colour and style I should be looking at.” We’d like to applaud your great fashion insight since translucent maxi skirts are very in this season Bridget. Your choice of wearing biker shorts is unique, and we’d also recommend trying a pencil skirt underneath as well. Concerning what to wear with your lace skirt, the best part about this item is that you can either dress it up or down. Why not try a loose button down denim shirt for mornings out with a pair of sandals, and then take the look to the next level with a sequined blazer and pumps? Either way, we guarantee you’ll look smashing. Good luck! *Images courtesy of shopbop.com and net-a-porter.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE YOUR BLOG!!!
New Style Star: Freida Pinto January 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Her movie came out of the blue and is currently taking Hollywood by storm and now, so is her style. For a rookie, a rising star per say, Freida has managed to look absolutely gorgeous at every event she’s attended so far and even on a day out on the streets of LA. It seems that, like any other rising fashion star, I’ve been holding my breath for the last two months waiting for the inevitable slip-up and yet it hasn’t happened! That’s why before it’s too late I would like to crown Freida Pinto as my fave new style star. Wow! Chalk up another point for Slumdog Millionaire! This movie can obviously do no wrong *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She obviously has a stylist!!! she’s great…. and humble (i guess)
No, No, No! January 19, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic What the hole hell was she thinking? *Image courtesy of justjaredjr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I completely agree with you, hate the outfit, love the boots! I’ve been looking for a pair like these since forever! Any idea where I can get them?? (oh, one question though, they are flat, aren’t they?) Yes? The boots are pretty! Where are they from? I’d love to know! They are the Sam Edelman Women’s Utah Boot
Street Chic ‘Wow’ Edition August 22, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Drew VS Dolce September 9, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic The minute we spotted Drew in this outfit, we automatically thought of the D&G looks that went down the ’10 Spring runways. The denim blouse, the leather belt, and white skirt look all too similar. What do you think? Is that where she got her inspiration from? *Image courtesy of people.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I think you are right on that one – but I don`t like her look. Does it even matter? Useless post.
Taylor Jacobson Sequin T-Shirt Chic October 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Juicy Couture Sequin Cotton-Blend Tunic Marc Jacobs Flash Quilted Ponyskin Bag Acne Her Cross Ripped Boyfriend Jeans *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. just found one at F21 for $24 not sure if its a top or dress. It’s a little long and becomes more narrow at the bottom but its really cute if you just tuck the bottom part under and wear it as a top.
Jimmy Choo x Hunter Boots January 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find This is really out of nowhere and unexpected, but designer shoe retailer Jimmy Choo and Scottish designers Hunter, synonymous for their rubber rain boots donned by the stars, have teamed up for embossed crocodile pattern with leopard print lining versions of the shoes. “We are delighted to work with Jimmy Choo to create a superbly sophisticated incarnation of our original Wellington boot,” said Hunter Chairman Peter Mullen. “Both brands have a strong visual identity, which work well together. And the resulting boot has a unique DNA of luxurious practicality.” For her part, Jimmy Choo founder and President Tamara Mellon said she was inspired by the images of stylish British girls wearing wellies. “This led to our collaboration with Hunter to produce a sleek interpretation of the British classic,” Mellon said. via WWD . The pair is being sold for a pretty reasonable price of $395 ( reasonable for designer shoes, we mean ) at Jimmy Choo stores worldwide and online starting next June. *Images courtesy of jimmychoo.com , hunterboots.com , and wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Dear Sir/Madam, Can anyone advise where I might buy a pair of the Hunter/Choo Wellies for my Wife. Its here birthday next month and despite putting my name down on the ‘advance purchase’ list months ago I have never heard anymore and can only guess as my name was not on the celebrity list it failed to be recognised. Well, whilst not intending for my Wife to where them on the 14th to the Queens Garden Party at least she had the decency to recognise my work and that of my Wife as being worthy of an invite! So if there’s any chance a ‘normal’ person could possibly buy a pair from somewhere this century such knowledge would be most welcome. Thanks, Martin Yes, I know it should be ‘wear’ its just a typo but guess I’ve now shown all the qualities of a celebrity!
Denimania! April 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic When we first heard (and saw) that the denim jacket was back and on the prowl, we were a bit anxious. Not really looking forward to 90s flashbacks of denim on denim (major faux pas) or the extremely cropped denim jacket (not flattering on any figure), we decided to approach this trend with caution. Now that we’ve seen some major fashionistas on the go with their fave new accessory, we admit that the trend is growing on us. Take a look at how Rihanna and Nicole both pair their denim jackets with maxi dresses, just fab! I have to admit that I’m a bit relieved I didn’t throw out my fave jeans jacket! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The outfit is very cut and I threw out my denim jacket already.
Chic Interview: Fashion Squad July 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview Meet the stunning Carolina Engman. She’s a 21 year old stylist who lives in Sweden, and blogs to our heart’s content. Her array of poses combined with ethereal photography and, of course, sensational outfits is what keeps us browsing Fashion Squad on a daily basis. Consider this interview a free styling session! Enjoy loves! Chic Intuition: Usually people get attracted to certain blogs based on the content, concept, or inspirational images. To be honest, (no matter how superficial this sounds) we were attracted to your beauty. Talk about model material! Do you ever think about modeling? Carolina: I’m very flattered, but no. Modeling is not for me, I rather lurk around behind the scenes. Chic Intuition: I was discussing this with my co-editor the other day, I’m actually contemplating a trip to Sweden based on the stylish senses of all the Swedish blogs!! Please tell me that not ALL of the Swedes dress this good. There has to be SOME fashion no nos, no? Carolina: People in Sweden are over all quite well dressed, but no worries, we do have a lot of fashion roadkills too! 😉 Chic Intuition: The photography used in your blog is just exquisite. It speaks all languages. Who takes the pictures for you, and what camera do they use? Carolina: Thank you very much! I actually take most of the pictures myself with a self-timer and I use a Canon eos 350d with a 17-55 mm lens from Tamron. Chic Intuition: What we gather from your writings is that you’re a stylist. For those interested, can you brief us on a typical day on the job? Carolina: I work as a freelance stylist so I don’t have a 9 to 5 job. Working as a stylist equals really long days, lot’s of heavy stuff to carry around and being poorly paid, so you need to be really passionate about fashion. But you also get to meet lot’s of inspiring people and I absolutely love my job. Chic Intuition: When did you finally nailed your personal style? Do you feel like it might evolve fashion-wise later on? Carolina: God yes, my style has been evolving since I was just a kid and it will probably keep on doing so for the rest of my life. Chic Intuition: If you were forced to live with just ONE accessory for the rest of your life, what would you choose and why? Carolina: My hat! perfect for bad hairdays or when I just want to be a little mystical, haha! Chic Intuition: Contemplation of the day: how baggy is too baggy? Carolina: A little baggy is ok, but when you trip and fall because of your baggy pants, it’s a major sign that it’s time to get a belt. *Images courtesy of fashionsquad.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love her!! i visit her site nearly everyday!! .. love the interview thanks!! Carolina is fantastique! She is so pretty and stylish! I love all your interviews! i’m missing to read one of Gala Gonzales (www.am-lul.blogspot.com) as she is my favourite style icon since i discovered recently! whats her blog? love,love,love!
Material Girl by Madonna for Macy’s July 1, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Review Madonna with her daughter Lordes have collaborated on a clothing and accessories line for Macy’s called Material Girl by Madonna. According to WWD , the collection is slated to hit 200 Macy’s doors and macys.com on August 3rd and for the face of the brand, Madonna has personally handpicked a celebrity which will be unveiled at the end of July (hint: she’s on a hit teen drama series and is known for her rocker style off-screen). Why do we have a feeling its Taylor Momsen?! We love the photos so far, but can’t wait to see how they look/feel up close. I’m personally eying the flannel with lace insert blouse and studded leather jacket. The Material Girl collection includes apparel, footwear, handbags, jewelry and hair accessories, with most items retailing for between $12 and $40. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Winter Must Have November 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . this is so cute!!! seems like a cute/simple DIY to possibly do!
Labor Day Savings September 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert We wanted to let you know about some great Labor Day Savings from Rachel Roy! Now through September 6, your will receive an additional 30% off Sale Merchandise, PLUS Free Shipping on any purchase of $75 or more! Ok sounds great to us! Especially since this is one of our personal fave lines. Just click on the banner below to check it out!
Shopbop 20% Off All Sandals! March 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit . *Image courtesy of shopbop.com.
Runway to Realway: Acne November 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Milan Street Chic July 26, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of thesartorialist.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. find me that dress NOW please!
Chic Gifts- The Glam Girl December 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Kenneth Jay Lane Crystal Stone Ring $150 Miu Miu Wrap Rectangular Sunglasses $170 Paris Hilton Destiny Patent Pump $89.95 Kenneth Jay Lane Rectangular Droplet Earrings $195 BCBG Maxazria Pleated Silk Geogette Top $112.80 inge Christopher Mumbai Leather Minaudiere $148 Want Leather iPod Case $125 DKNY Wool Beani Hat $85 err, the ipod case is $125 not $15… *oops* typo, sorry thanks for the heads up.
Chic Interview: Where Did U Get That August 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview We were extremely excited about interviewing this chic 28 year-old who hails from London but currently resides in NY. Karen’s blog opened up tons of opportunities for her, like modeling in the latest Rachel by Rachel Roy collection. Awestruck? You should be, but just remember that anything fab can happen to you too. Oh, and we also had to know how she met the queen of the fashion world, Kate Lanphear! What do we love most about Karen? The fact that she admits to the urge of talking about fashion/shopping all day. Our kinda girl! Take a look at what she had to say and then head on over to her amazing blog . Chic Intuition: From your site we compiled the following facts: you’re a model, you love fashion and anything DIY, and you’re a blogger. So smart of us huh? We love how the focus of your blog is actually on what you’re wearing, we sometimes tire of the personal therapy sessions other bloggers tend to drag on. What’s your goal behind Where Did U Get That? Karen: I LOVE clothes and shopping. Always have. So I could talk about that all day long. I’ve been doing so already for years with friends and anyone else who will listen long enough before their eyes glaze over. It was one of the reasons that I started a blog. I sometimes get asked where did I get something that I’m wearing, plus people assumed that I worked in the fashion industry (I wish!), so I thought ok I really need to do SOMETHING. Hence the blog was born. There’s no real goal for it except to just get better and better in terms of content and hopefully I would LOVE if it in some way helped me break into the fashion industry in some form or another. I’ve had a really amazing time though in such a short period and have been given some amazing opportunities along the way, like modeling for the Rachel Rachel Roy new diffusion line now out at Macy’s across the country. Chic Intuition: Congrats on finally getting your hands on the coveted Sam Edelman Zoe Boots ! On a scale from 1-10, how much do these babies up the outfit hotness factor in your mind? Karen: Hmmm. 1 – 10? I’d give them roughly 55? Seriously they are unreal. I strongly urge you to get your hands on a pair pronto. I waited years for these and am so glad that they got re-released. I almost fainted when I heard. The fashion gods had spoken. Chic Intuition: We had to take a breath when we spotted this pic of you and Kate Lanphear. Spill!! Karen: My stylist friend told me about a fashion industry party at the Soho Grand hotel and so I had to go. Neither of us expected to see Kate there, let alone actually speak to her!! She’s one of my style icons. Effortless, timeless rock chick chic. My friend Tay Trong went up to her and just started chatting. I joined in and have to say she is so down to earth and very humbled. Zero attitude. Like someone I would actually hang out with had I not known who she was. It was so humid that evening though so beauty wise I felt like I looked like something the cat dragged in. Isn’t it always that way? The day that you most needed to look your best for something unexpected, you look the exact opposite? Chic Intuition: What advice would you give any aspiring model? How do you crack into the industry? Karen: I was selected from Lucky Magazine (after they saw my blog), for a casting call for the Rachel Rachel Roy Fall/Winter 09 campaign and I was a crumpled mess of tears when I heard that I was one of the four girls chosen for their lookbook. I have never modeled professionally before (I am not signed with an agency but would love the opportunity. I’m just too nervous to approach any ). The RRR experience really was my very first time. I have since done other modeling work for the designer which has also been a huge blessing. Chic Intuition: So we honestly think you are the ONLY person who can pull of snake printed skinnies. How’d you have the guts to go there? Karen: I loved the print and the cut. Plus they were on clearance for $20! Bargain!! Plus anything relatively loud can be counter balanced with an over-sized plain top or a blazer. I have a rocker side to me so I knew I HAD to have those skinnies. The print on them is SICK. I think growing up in London all my life where street style is more experimental than in New York. I am not intimidated by wearing pieces that to others may seem a bit um… challenging? Chic Intuition: If you had to choose: hippie or rocker chic, and why? Karen: Wow. I love both but it’s got to be rocker chic. It just resonates more with me. All the elements, the attitude, not just what is worn but HOW it’s worn. Also the timelessness of it too. It just ‘feels like me.’ I’m at my most comfortable when dressed that way. Hippie comes a close second though..! Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical q time: how studded is too studded? Karen: When it’s worn on more than one piece at the same time. Can you imagine a studded bag with a studded jacket to match? OMG!! As long as it’s one key studded piece worn all by itself and mixed in with the rest of your outfit, then it will always look cool. At least in my books 😉 *Images courtesy of karen-wheredidugetthat.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. oh wow! shes amazing thanks CI woow! shes such an inspiration! great interview! great interview! i love her blog… her style is sooo fun and fresh!
Alice+Olivia Launches Online Shop December 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert It’s been worth the wait….alice + olivia is finally launching its online boutique at www.aliceandolivia.com . When designer and founder Stacey Bendet met website developer Mathew Siskin, who she describes as her “digital love” her vision for the website and e-commerce came to life. Combining their unique talents, they created an online universe that reflects the spirit, aesthetic and personality of the alice + olivia brand. “The moment I met Matthew Siskin I realized I had found an online partner who could truly bring the alice + olivia brand and aesthetic to life online. I am excited about all the new ways we will be able to interact with our customers.” We really recommend taking a look at the site, just click here and experience it for yourselves. Love it! *Image courtesy of aliceandolivia.com . Matthew is the owner of designedmemory, I heard they are working with the olsens too on launching a site for the row!
Nicole Richie Hearts… February 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Just something we happened to notice… When you wear the same designer at two events in one week, you are obviously in love! It’s ok Nicole, we love ISSA too *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. and she looks completely amazing in both dresses…like they were made for her. loving the new bangs and of course, loving the dresses!! xoxo
Chic Gifts- The Hostess with the Mostest December 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Large Log Bowl $175 2. Terracotta Amber Ball by L’Artisan Parfumeur $125 3. Small Gold-Plated Bamboo Golden Tray by Lunares $95 4. Large Agate Spice Bowl by SURevolution $40 5. Silver-Dipped Turbo Imperialis Shell by L’Artigiano $155 6. Elephant Champagne Flute by Siecle $195 7. Triptych Glasses Set by New Arcadia $75 8. Gold Champa Leaf Plate by SURevolution $55 All so gorgeous and well-priced! Great finds here. cheers, Tara oh my god #6 i’m in love
The vest… October 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Alert: Kate Moss for Topshop AW08 August 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert We’ve reviewed the previous seasons of the infamous model’s line for British retailer Topshop, and they have always been written with a pinch of skepticism. Some pieces were hot, some were simply not. Although photos haven’t yet been released, the wait for her Autumn/Winter line won’t be that long: 9 days and counting. Till then we’ll safely say: mark your calenders and see what awaits you. From the description below, sounds good. But don’t worry, we promise we won’t sugar-coat our review once the line hits stores and the web! *Image courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celebs love… October 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. where can i buy a one like blake?? i love how its long and how the sleeves are
Lanphear 2 Ways March 5, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Street Chic For some reason, the street style shots of some of our favourite people (ahem ahem, Kate Lanphear) as they trek from NYFW to LFW to MFW and lastly to PFW have been quite rare. Why? No idea! We are sure she’s attending the shows. Heck, we even met her at NYFW right before the Oscar de la Renta show! I honestly think it’s the fact that designers are now inviting Tommy Ton, Scott Schuman, and Garance to attend the shows and sit first row giving them less time to take pictures of the attendees on their way out! Please, let the street photogs do their jobs people! We’re dying here! Of the rare shots of Kate Lamphear, these two were my ultimate favourite. Just because each look embodies a totally different persona. On the left we see the soft side of Lanphear in her fuzzy hooded sweater. On the right, we see the fierce side of Lanphear (nicknamed Lanphearce by yours truly) which we all know well and have come to love. Tell us, which one do you prefer, the lion or the lamb? *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She rocks!
Three Foolproof Winter Looks… February 10, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love number three haha i love how these are “winter” looks more like fall or spring for us canadians… BUT they would be a good start for winter. just add socks, hats, coats, and gloves. ohh, i love that first layered look, so great!!! xoxo
Marni for H&M!!!!!! February 21, 2012 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review Hailed as the best H&M collaboration ever all around the blogosphere, we can’t even begin to describe how excited we are about the Marni for H&M collection! We can say from the first look that the collaboration stays true to the distinctive Marni style with polkadot prints, amazing necklaces, and flirty silhouettes. For those of you familiar with Marni, their pieces are usually hella expensive so a more reasonably priced option with nothing over $129 is truly a gift from the fashion gods. Planning to LINE UP on March 8th! How about you??? *Images courtesy of becauseimaddicted.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week January 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Sasha Pivovarova Style At Stella McCartney’s Shop Opening (Chic Stories) Taylor Swift Launches Sundress Line Sold Exclusively at Wal-mart (Couture in the City) Sugar + Spice + Everything Nice (Le Fashion) Book this Look- Kate Hudson (My Lookbook) Emma Watson By Ellen Von Unwerth For Vs. Magazine SS09 (Style Frizz)
Diane von Furstenberg Lexi Jacket November 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Hands down one of the best jackets of the season. It’s 230924821094 times better in person, and worth every penny. The perfect amount of glimmer and glamour. Looks like a Chanel jacket on crack. Just fantabulous , check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. definite CHIC FIND! xx.M
No, No, No! December 13, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic We know it’s Christmas and all but Paula, see not be the nutcracker! *Images courtesy of metro.co.uk and dylan.tweney.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. agh my eyes! too many trends mashed together… Tell me about it! She needs to fire that stylist of hers ASAP. I mean how many ‘worst dressed’ lists will it take for her to realize that?! :/ ok it looks bad on a 50 something woman like paula but i could just see agyness deyn wearing that and everyone would say she looks fantastic??!! I wouldnt say she looked fantastic.. I would be extremely worried.. Because seriously.. Ew.. Eimear true that! if it was Rihanna….it would be a world trend or something…i think its a nice costume but not good on her.
Erin Wasson Chic September 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Alexander Wang Hanne Three Buckle Booties LNA Deep V Elastic Waist Dress Victorian Hippie Gunmetal & Crystal Body Chain Vince Mongolian lambswool vest Antik Batik Swar Pouchette *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I just love Erin!
80s Purple Warehouse Sale! March 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Starting today, March 25th, 80spurple.com will be having a ginormous sale on hundreds of items from all brands (that includes clothes, shoes, accessories & gear) are going to be marked down from at least 30% off and will progressively get lower to 75% off as the sale continues throughout the rest of this week! To access it, just click on the banner above and enter code blog325331 at checkout. Sale ends March 31st. Happy Shopping!
House of Harlow Clutches April 19, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks A few months ago, we heard the news that Nicole Richie was adding bags to her amazingly popular House of Harlow line. The teaser was a picture of the leopard print clutch and I must say I instantly fell in love. Now that the whole line is available to purchase at Singer22 , I must admit I am thoroughly impressed with the quality and design of her four clutches. The best part is that they are pretty affordable at around $200 each. Tell us, which is your fave? *Graphics courtesy Chic Intuition LLC. That leopard is to die for! they look like alexander mcqueen cluthes!
20% Off For 4 Days Only! October 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Click on the image below to access the offer! Just found your blog! Look forward to following Thanks to this I just got my jeffrey campbell shoes at 152!! thanks dolls!
The Punk Rocker In Me April 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks On an edgy kinda high ( no pun intended people… ) we’ve decided to dedicate one of today’s posts to the rocker within us all. Take a look at some of our fave picks for this rockin’ occassion all courtesy of Max & Chloe : Jules Smith Knuckle Lover Stackable Ring $77 Michelle Roy Gunmetal Loop Chain Cuff $105 Allison Schiller Amethyst Slice in Gold Necklace $99 Ariel Gordon Crescent Moon Ring $99 Nicole Romano Glamour Rock Earrings $218 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the Chain Cuff!!
Rihanna Chic June 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic She may not be with Chris Brown anymore, but we still know that Rihanna is very loyal to something else and still… *Images courtesy of justjared.com , tonguechic.com , and rap-up.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. gosh…she is so not chic, what’s wrong with you CHIC INTUITION? why ya’ll gotta mention Chris Brown for??da hell he gotta do with this, im confuse! ya’ll people cannot mention Rihanna wihtout putting Chris Brown name.. PITTY! p: they didnt say she was chic, just that she still loves her sneakers kelly jay: they were just saying that she might not love chris brown anymore but she still loves her converse wtf?? why do you always have to mention chris brown evrytime??? rihanna has always been an individual…. and about the loyalty… u need to get a life!!
Ny Fashion Week Trend: Nudie Lips September 11, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Not only have we been keeping a close eye on the fashion trends at Fashion Week, but the makeup seems to catch our utmost attention as well. The hottest pouts? Nudes. From JLo to LC, the stars have complimented their sun-kissed cheeks with iridescent lipsticks and glosses. Keep in mind, the ladies stay away from looking washed out by emphasizing their eyes with liner or mascara. Personally, we’d recommend adding a swipe of gold/bronze shadow on your lids as well. To get the lipstick look try: NARS Lipgloss in Striptease Stila Convertable Color in Peony Geurlain Kiss Kiss Maxi Shine Lipcolor in Nude Shine *Images courtesy of justjared.com and sephora.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Sale, Sale, Sale! June 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Gift Guide for… December 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Delia*s Lace Luxe Rug $59 Momeni Area Rug, New Wave 3′ 6″ x 5′ 6″ $599 Jonathan Adler ‘Boy/Girl’ Vase $28 Jonathan Adler Glazed Box $70 Distant Origin Square Lacquer Box $90 Juicy Couture Keepsake Candle $48 Christofle Peace Egg $170 Casamidy Almidi End Table $625 Waylande Gregory Studios Small Black Phoenix Tray $195 Chelsea Home Photo Frame & Album Set $18 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Buy for Fall… April 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips , Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Inspiration: Chanel Iman Page Six Cover January 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. omg.. i love those fishbone sandals! FANTASTIC LAYOUT Ladies! Love love love it!!!
Blush Bombs January 18, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic Jennifer Morrison: One of those dresses that was great as a concept but not in execution. Let’s make a dress that looks like a flower bouquet! Nicole Kidman: Extremely ill-fitting and one of those colors that is unflattering on a fiery redhead. Stick to jewel tones Nicole because they suit you best! Diane Kruger: A matronly confection of a dress. She looks like she accidentally ended up at the Golden Globes on the way to a royal tea party. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: New York Fashion Week September 11, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic If these girls are any indication, then NY Fashion week is off to a fashionable start. Recognize any of these faces? Well the first girl is Nicola Haffmans (check her out in the BCBG show below!) and the middle girl is Kelly from The Glamourai . Can’t wait to see more fun street style this week! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
ASOS Sale! June 28, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert these look soooo cute! I love the pink ones x
Critic’s Choice Style Winners January 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Dakota Fanning- Critic’s cutie. Evan Rachel Woods- Va va voom! Kate Beckinsale- Chocolate lovers only. Anne Hathaway- Black and white beauty. Penelope Cruz- Corset classy. *Images courtesy justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Affordable Line We Love: I.N.C August 31, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic All we can say is WOW! INC really has stepped it up this season. In the past, the pieces have been a little matronly but it looks like their taking a tip or two from the runways (can any of you spot the Balmain-inspired piece?) for an overall more modern look. Are you just as in lust??? Get them here .
20% off Everything on Macy*s! March 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Lucky Luck Luck June 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Do you believe in luck? Did you ever own some sort of a charm growing up, and secretly thought that if you lost it, your life would all of a sudden go bezerk? I used to have this stuffed monkey ( ok still have it ), since I was 2 years old. The damn thing was always around, and when I finally got to the age where it was not cool to sleep with a monkey (no, I will not disclose the embarrassing age), I was so afraid to throw the damn thing away! Kinda felt like it would come back to haunt me from the dead garbage. Well, if you do or don’t believe in lucky charms, we still say that wearing them are so in. In fact, we took the liberty of picking out our fave lucky charms from Max & Chloe . Bee Charming Silver Good Fortune Necklace $63 Ettika Sheer Luck Neutral Leather Bracelet $45 Lika Behar Tiny Diamond Evil Eye Pendant Necklace $420 GK Designs Lucky Pendant and Charms Necklace $130 Bee Charming Silver Luck Coil Bracelets $38 *Images courtesy of maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Runway to Realway: Anna Sui July 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top: Alice + Olivia Sequin-Embellished Tank Tulle Mini Skirt Giuseppe Zanotti Zipped Gaiter-Style Leather Boots *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lee Angel Chic May 30, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Picks Chic jewelry should be accessible to all. And when we say chic, we don’t mean pearls that look like you stole them from your cabbage patch doll. We mean great quality baubles at affordable prices. That’s why we jumped to the chance to write about this collection on Net-a-Porter . The earrings , ring , and pin brooch are all gorgeously elegant in their own way, but edgy in design. Kinda like your grandma gone wild. Loves it… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Can you meet me halfway? June 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks SHORT SLEEVE CREWNECK T-SHIRT DRESS IN BLACK JERSEY. LAYERED SINGLE BUTTON SLEEVE OPENINGS. SELF SASH AT WAIST. ALLOVER LAYERED SELF RUFFLES AT SKIRT. TONE ON TONE STITCHING. 100% COTTON. DRY CLEAN. IMPORTED. Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Pink Mascara – 10% OFF Site wide!! May 31, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks Pink Mascara , the website that’s known for carrying designer fashion apparel and celebrity fashions, is giving its shoppers a special coupon code= SPRING10 . That’s 10% OFF SITE WIDE!!! Excludes sale items. This offer has been extended to 6/30/09. Take a look at some of our fave picks and then head on over to check out some more goodies. *Images courtesy of pinkmascara.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chanel Portobello Love November 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Stars seem to be in love with this latest Chanel concoction. I remember the first time I laid eyes on this bag, a lady was carrying at a dinner hosted by my great aunt, and I was in awe of its design. First off, I thought the pompous granny had actually stuffed her classic 2.55 Chanel into her Chanel shoulder bag! I kept wondering why in the world she did that (other than the fact that she might have either forgotten to remove a bag, or was being a show off). Hers was the beige+black combo, but after seeing Lindsay’s black on black version, I actually like the bag. Now, before you get excited about ‘2 Chanels for $3500’, the bag only gives the illusion of two bags in one. Like? *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , bagborrowsteal.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The motorcycle vest… October 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. To die for!!! I want it!!!
Camilla Belle and Leighton Meester Chic October 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We are in love with both of these girls! At the young age of 23, Camilla Belle has managed to pull off an image of poise and elegance that Hollywood starlets at 50 can’t. Obviously the fact that she has impeccable features factors into the chic equation, but we’re sure her stylist has a major effect on it as well…And Leighton Meester of Gossip Girl fame managed to take the fashion world by storm with her impeccable taste and of course her beautiful face! Combine the two together and you’ve get an unstoppable pair! Take a look at their latest public appearance in Paris, at the LV afterparty and check out our attempt at similar looks for less: Camilla: Milly Nina Ruffle Dress Leighton: Pencey Two Tier Dress + BB Dakota Bergman Leather Jacket in Black *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. These girls have got it going on.
Drew we love you but… July 17, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. haha she reminds me of the way she dressed (pre popular girl) in the movie Never Been Kissed and was a highschool mess.. Poor, Drew, seems predisposed to always making the wrong choices.
I’m Back! January 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Hi readers!! Did you miss me? Well how could you when I didn’t even mention I was going away..I spent my New Years in Delhi with family and friends, and had a blast. Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you guys while I was there, I kept a mental list of a post idea for Indian Items. Not necessarily meaning I liked them all ( sandals and socks? No further comment ), let’s divulge in the top 4 seen trends. *Images courtesy of kaboodle.com, misscharlottehmc.blogspot.com, stitchedsurface.co.uk, stylefrizz.com, and ruby-jade-sapphire-pearl.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Jennifer Behr Fall 09 June 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Thanks to Leighton Meester’s character on Gossip Girl, the name Jessica Behr is well known amongst fans around the globe. You can see Blair Waldorf donning one of her headbands in almost every episode. But we’re not sure if that will be the case next season. Seems like Behr has chosen to take the dark route for her Fall collection, opting for chains, rhinestones, and studs (a style unknown to preppy lovin’ Waldorf). We love a lot of the bands, but are kind of scared of the fashion faux pas some of them might cause amongst the clumsy of us. I don’t even want to imagine bumping into someone with one of the more spiky headgear. Take a look at the evolution we seemed to notice and decide for yourselves. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love this headbands!! amazing!! xx http://www.sexyinthecity.es Love the first three… The others are a little much for me to pull off!
Chic Resemblance November 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i think they’re kind of cool!!
Alexander McQueen Fall 2010 March 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Only adding insult to injury, the pictures from Alexander McQueen’s final collection have surfaced today. I must say that seeing these pieces made me even more sad about such a great loss in the fashion world. The overall theme is medieval with some hidden modern twists and I absolutely love every single piece! My favorite, though, would have to be the gold coat with the exaggerated mermaid skirt. Truly a collection for the museums… RIP Alexander McQueen. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Amazing! Beautiful! RIP Lee, he will truly be missed. What a loss for the entire fashion & arts community I just did a presentation for class today about him and even the guys said that he was truly inspiring and the clothes were “awesome” hahaha. Alexander, a genius that will be greatly missed. RIP
Chic Alert: Richard Chai for Target August 6, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert I think I’m going to have to say that this is my favorite line for a Target collaboration so far. The colors are perfect for summer, the items are interchangeable, and don’t you kind of feel like LC would wear every single look? Now, keep in mind that LC purchases much more expensive, high end items, but for their price we’d have to say the quality is suitable. Available in stores and online now! *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i’ve yet to actually see the collection in the store, but i do like the pieces that i’ve seen online particularly the first look with the silky pencil skirt! I’ve yet to see these in person either but I’ve just placed an order for a long cardi and the two-toned dress…I’m sure they will be outstanding!
Gossip Girls love… July 14, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic *Images courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. great photos of gossip girl. x love the look on chuck/ed’s face… delicious. Blair have a great style!
Chic Alert! March 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert It’s an INVITE ONLY site, so if you haven’t already, join by clicking here .
Joe’s Jeans Does Flats May 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find While I’ve always been a fan of Joe’s Jeans, I am an even bigger fan of their new flats! Loving the zipper detailing, the studes, crystals, and nailheads! The best part? Each of these babies is under $150 bucks. Do I hear the sound of credit cards zipping out of their wallets? I think so! 1. Joe’s Jeans Suri Stud Ballet Flats 2. Joe’s Jeans Sasha Nail Head Flats 3. Joe’s Jeans Stella Zipper Flats 4. Joe’s Jeans Sienna Cap Toe Flats
Chic vs Geek Part 2 November 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find While watching the last episode of Gossip Girl I almost choked on my water when I saw the last scene with Blair and Serena talking on the phone. It was because at that very instant I realized that she was wearing the exact same dress that Ugly Betty was wearing in a recent post ! Is it me or has it been painfully clear that ever since Betty began shooting in New York, her and Blair have been wearing the same pieces? Check out this early pic over the summer where Blair and Betty were wearing the exact same dress (in very different ways of course)… Also, just a thought, can you imagine the look on snobby Blair’s face if she ever runs into Betty wearing something that she also owns??? Priceless! *Images courtesy of youknowyouloveme.org and spoilertv.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Great eye! That’s quite the catch! Yes, Blair expression would be hilarious.
Endless Sales, Endless Options January 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks Don’t you just love it when sales on winter items start and the weather outside is still as chilly as ever? We of all people love taking advantage of a good bargain, and now we’d like to add one more online store to the roster. Endless, one of our fave online shoe shops, is having a huge sale on winter selections. If you follow us on Twitter you’ll know that I myself got a few pairs of boots on sale ( for Fashion Week, hello! ), and if you want in on the action just frolic on over to their site. Happy Shopping! Miz Mooz Women’s Unity Studded Boot Camilla Skovgaard London Women’s A9013 Bootie Miz Mooz Women’s Harlem Boot Lucky Women’s Astrid Buckle Bootie Georgina Goodman Women’s Felix Ankle Boot *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Closer Look: Winter Kate by Nicole Richie November 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review We first gave you a sneak peak of Nicole Richie’s new fashion label lookbook, and now we’ve got an even closer look at the items themselves. They’ll be sold at My-Wardrobe starting January 2010, so mark your calendars ladies. We love the 70s vibe we’re getting, just cross your fingers that the price points are pretty reasonable… *Images courtesy of my-wardrobe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I really don’t like any of these clothes i don’t like them either /: well, it depends on your personal style. for me i love these peices.. and i consider my personal style as sorta a hipie chic, which is somewhat the overall direction of the line…. helllllo
Tory Burch Serpent Stacking Bracelets May 11, 2012 | Tags: Chic Picks If we were allowed just one accessory this summer, we’d totally go for these babies . They come in a set of three, you can either don them together or seperately. What we love is the gold color that would look amazing on a tanned arm. Love love love! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
House of Harlow 1960 by Nicole Richie October 29, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert , Chic Review It’s finally here! After months of anticipation, and tons of emails from you guys, we’re happy to inform you that Nicole Richie’s House of Harlow 1960 jewelry line has dropped…a couple of weeks early! You can get your fave pieces on ShopKitson.com . The pieces feature leather, silk strings, chains, rivets, fabric, feathers and gold-plated metals. Most of the pieces out look pretty familiar, I mean Nicole has been running around in LA with them on for a while now. Our faves are the Pyramid Bangles and Black Leather Ring . Nicole’s love for the 60s and 70s is evident in her designs, and we can’t wait to see the rest of the moderately priced collection when it hits stores in November. *Images courtesy of shopkitson.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i must say that pieces are not bad at all. i want that ring!
Shopping Net-A-Porter November 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks I’ve been shopping the net-a-porter sale for hours now and let me start off by saying that there is waaay too much stuff for my own good! I think this month will be a bad month budgetwise (Sorry Hubby!) because the deals are seriously too good to pass up. Since no matter how much I beg I wont be able to get it all, I decided to share the wealth and show you some of my top picks. Happy shopping people! Sonia by Sonia Rykiel Velvet Bow Top $521.50 Miu Miu Metallic Banana Flats $297 Bally Ombre Fringed Scarf $237 Vanessa Bruno Shoulder Ruffle Mini Dress $282 Celine Watch Me Move Shoulder Bag $1,260 Elizabeth and James Scarlet Jersey Dress $255.50 Christian Louboutin Orniron Ankle Boots $572.50 3.1 Phillip Lim Fan Pleat Skirt $225 thanks for sharing… i love the bag, the skirt and those louboutins; i have them on my lookbook in black; they are gorgeous…
No No No! March 8, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No No No! April 12, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic If you looked like this , why would anyone go and do this to themselves?!?! Channeling Alice Dellal possibly? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. why?! why?! why?! I think she looks hotter like this. no longer the teenybopper look! why should everybody look the same??? Hmmm ya she couldve dropped the teeny bopper look in other ways I guess. See on Alice Dellal it looks hot, cuz she can WEAR it. But to me, Cassie just isn’t pullin it off…but to each his own and omg how much maintenance does a cut like tht need?! Can u imagine trying to grow it out?! LOL i think she’s copying KESH. It looks hot. With her body and face she could be bald for all I care 😉 *word to the gay fish I think she’s one of the most beautiful women, period! But this is just ridiculous. She’s evidently begging for attention and here we are giving it to her. This seems very forced and contrived! No one has done this do justice since Alice Dellal!
Fashion Week Shoe Lust March 4, 2012 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Fall 09 Forecast: Gray Skies Ahead! February 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Reads of the Week January 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Jill Biden Inauguration Fashion (Chic Stories) Michelle Obama Wears Isabel Toledo & Jason Wu… (Couture in the City) Reader Request! Nicole’s Look for Less (My Lookbook) Blue Jean Baby (Le Fashion) Katie Holmes In Another Escada For London Valkyrie (Style Frizz)
Kate + ELLE Inspiration September 24, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from top right: Chloe Iren embellished brooch Paul Smith Accessories Daisy Zip Wallet Citrine by the Stones Large teardrop earrings Johnstons Cashmere wrap Linda Farrow Luxe Luxe gold-plated glasses Chloe Cotton frill blouse Corto Moltedo Susan metal box clutch *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , my-wardrobe.com , and net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. You didn’t put the picture of the metal clutch 😉 Oops! Thanks It’s there now.
Giambattista Valli for Macys! October 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert On the heels of the Matthew Williamson and Karl Lagerfield collaborations with macys.com , we present to you the Giambattista Valli collaboration with macys.com ! In tune with the premiere designer line, the collaboration features lots of dresses, fierce leopard prints, and gorge textured black skirts. The best part? Every single piece is under $150! Keep your eyes out for the collection starting October 26th. Ready.Set.Shoooooop! *Images courtesy of fashionista.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
‘O’ stands for Orangish October 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Tips So there’s the burgundy lip, the red hot lip, the scarlet lip, but what about the orang ish lip? We don’t mean channeling the 80s orange, but an orange with a hint of red that really does work well with a ton of skin tones. Think of accenting with bronzer if you’re extremely pale, and coral blush if you have olive skin tones. For the rest of us, it’s as easy as a swipe and run. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Stella McCartney Street Chic March 25, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s no surprise that one of our favorite fashion designers has impeccable street style, she obviously has the best clothing at her disposal. But we thought we’d feature Stella dropping her kids off to school in different modes. Just love how she easily jumps from look to look with ease. Love her. *Images courtesy of zimbio.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
They’re a stylish couple when… May 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love her sandals! i have those exact same sandals in fact i was just wearing them today!!! i got them at h&m…is it possible an olson wears h&m? Ya, I guess it IS possible since her sweater top is from Topshop You never know with the Olsens, they’ve mastered the art of mixing high (really HIGH) end with low. love her sandals!!!
Cynthia Rowley Spring 2009 September 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Only more reason why I can’t wait to shop for spring… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
RIP Michael Jackson June 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Not only was he a musical legend and an enormous talent, he was also a fashion inspiration for many designers out there. God rest his soul. *Images courtesy of style.com , elle.com , and concreteloop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. he was an inspiration for many people, but at least he wont be forgotten! BUT people tend to forget the misschiefs of someone when dead…he wasnt quite of a saint…!!! but I shouldnt be harsh…let im rest in peace! No one walking this earth is a saint, but his positives sure outway his “ALLEGED” negatives. R.I.P. MICHAEL JACKSON – KING OF POP, COMPASSION & FASHION (for all you Balmain loving bloggers who didn’t shout him out!) Check out his videos and concerts to see how to rock what every other blogger is now coveting! Such a tragic loss. May his soul rest in peace. Thank you for paying homage to his great legacy. It is truly the end of an era.
The cardigan… October 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What dress is that? I love it! It’s by Haute Hippie.
Zadig & Voltaire April 4, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks
No No No! March 1, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Sorry if it seems like we’re giving you too many doses of Not Chic posts these days, but celebrities keep managing to commit fashion crimes as we speak..We couldn’t help ourselves, and just had to post this image of Debra Messing at a launch party for her friend. Word on the street is that Debra fired her stylist Rachel Zoe. Honey, we so can confirm that rumor thanks to this appearance. What in the world….?! *Image courtesy of newsgab.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. LOL. We totally understand. They should all be incarcerated! Why would anyone wear a leather dress? LOOL, if im not mistaken that dress is bottega venetta and looks so much better on the models!! That dress would have worked if she went more edgy with her hair instead of that ladies-who-lunch ponytail and if her heels weren’t so matchy matchy. Eeeeew!
Not Chic is… February 25, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. :/
Ray Ban Goes to the Cats… October 5, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks As all of you should know by now, cateye sunnies are one of the hottest fashion staples this season. Celebs and fashion icons galore have been spotted donning this trend and now you can too. Thanks to Ray Ban, affordable cateyes are now available at less than $150 a pair and damn do they look good. Get yours at one of our favorite sunglass websites- Eye Goodies . Time to get your meeeeooooowwww on!!! Love the first pair. She looks amazing! Love the white blazer!!!!
Boyfriend Not Required July 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Elizabeth and James Schoolboy Silk Shirt $265 Rag & Bone Boyfriend Shirt in Ivory $242 Aqua Boyfriend Shirt $68 Alloy Boyfriend Shirt $19.99
Chic Gifts- The Purse Princess December 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Botkier Signature B Tote in Black Patent $198 2. Snakeskin Envelope Clutch by Beirn $156 3. B. Makowsky Andalusia Hobo $196 4. Jessica Simpson Aer Shrunken Large Satchel $118 5. Steven By Steve Madden Hyde Medium Tote $131 6. Betsey Johnson Queen Of The Night Checkbook $115 7. B. Makowsky Seville Clutch $69 8. Calvin Klein Medium Bucket $139
Shake that Shootie August 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Shootie? Trust me, I’m just as surprised! But that’s apparently the term for shoe booties. I guess shoe+bootie= shootie . Anyways, that’s beside the point. Basically, these shoe booties are very hot for fall. Especially the open toe version which look good with dresses, skinnies, trousers etc. Here are a few of my faves courtesy of Shoes.com : 1. Calvin Klein Women’s Nana 2. Steven by Steve Madden Midory 3. BCBG Max Azria Norberta Platform Bootie 4. Vince Camuto Veronica 5. Corso Como Violet *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Vintage Chanel Baubles October 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find If you watched the Rachel Zoe Project, then you’ve definitely seen Rachel Zoe’s amazing collection of vintage Chanel jewels! She is so in love with them that she couldn’t part with a single piece when she did the Decades Two charity event. Well we don’t all have to lust after her collection anymore because we now have the chance to score a few pieces of our own! What Goes Around Comes Around and Singer 22 have joined forces to bring you vintage Chanel pieces that are literally to.die.for ! Check them out here . Look …gorgeous
Shopbop Gives 25% Off Full-Priced Handbags April 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Yes! Your eyes are not decieving you- 25% off full-priced handbags! Now, all of you ladies holding out on buying the Rebecca Minkoff ‘Devote’ Studded Handbag until it goes on sale, unleash your inner recessionistas! To get this amazing deal click here . Ready, set, SHOP! P.S. Check out my new ebay listings here .
Rachel Bilson Hearts Us! October 5, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Real Life Chic We told you she follows our blog! Ms Bilson carrying around a CI balloon at Paris Fashion Week… Ok we can’t lie to you guys…we sort of kind of edited the original. Check it out *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. very funny 😛 Good job!!!! so cute!!!
Hervé Léger by Max Azria Spring 2012 September 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Review We were literally dropping our jaws during the Herve Leger runway show a few days ago, and whispering “ oohs ” and “ aahs ” at each other every time a dress passed by. Max Azria managed to set the sexy bar even higher with his latest bandage dress collection; who knew there could be so many alternatives? The braiding/chain detailing screamed power, along with the bold metallics that reflected the strength of each model’s strut. You can’t help but walk with your head high when wearing one of these babies. Believe us, the pictures do them no justice… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Taking it from the street… February 8, 2011 | Tags: Chic Poll , Street Chic Just got a new MacBook Air and need to find some sort of carrying case to put it in when out and about. Enter Marc by Marc Jacobs Neoprene Cases ! The fact that one was featured in a street style photo that is making the rounds allover the internet just makes them even better. And with a price tag of $50, the only question is, what color should I get??? *Image courtesy of streetfsn.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Turquise!! All three! Hey why not?
Jessica Szohr Chic February 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Spotted: Jessica and Ed in a massive display of PDA, and that’s exactly what we like. Pretty. Dark. Accessories. Haha, we love playing Gossip Girl! So fun. Now back to our obsession (that we’ve mentioned before ) the West/Feren bag that Jessica has. How chic does this messenger look in action? We can’t get enough of Ms Szohr’s style ( post to come soon! ) and once we spotted her in one of our own Chic Picks we knew she deserved a shout out. Oh and added bonus: it’s only for $175! *Images courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No No No! July 9, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Ladies, note to pregnant self (or future self): If the baby bump is larger than a mid-size beach ball, opt for the one piece. The exposed baby bump doesn’t even look good on the supermodel below. Viewer discretion advised. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh come ON. This “No No No” is a no-no itself: lame, shallow, and misogynistic. It’s not like this woman gained 20 pounds and is trying to pull off a string bikini (although who cares!? bathing suits are hell–where what makes YOU feel comfortable and hot on the beach). She’s pregnant, for Pete’s sake; she should celebrate that bump! It’s not some accessory that she didn’t pull off well. M: First off, it’s their opinion, you don’t have to agree with it but calling someone misogynistic over it is taking it a bit too far. Second, she could just have easily flaunted that baby bump under a chic one piece. “…The exposed baby bump doesn’t even look good on the supermodel below” Rest assured, 90% of Supermodels do not have a great figure. That particular statement wasn’t necessary, CI. 90% of supermodels don’t have a great figure?! WHO ARE U KIDDING? lol..these bloggers work their asses off and u guys are only there to write negative comments and bite their heads off..take a chill pill It wasn’t my intention to bite CI’s head off, as I really do enjoy this blog. I just thought that this post was off–the post IS misogynistic, whether CI is or not–and I feel that it’s fair to call CI out on that. Hi! You’re sad and sorry! Pregnant women are beautiful and should not be afraid to show off their bodies! Sorry you have some self-loathing issue, but you’re shallow and ignorant. Heidi Klum says once your bump is clearly the product of pregnancy, you should wear tight-fitting clothes and show yourself off. This same policy applies on the beach!
The City is Everywhere January 27, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Some fun/weird facts about The City. I had some realizations today. First off, don’t laugh , I googled ‘Jay Lyon’ to search for a couple of images (ok screen savers), and found some verrrry interesting information. Well, you know how he mentions he just got off a serious 3 year relationship on the show? Guess who Mr Hot Shot was dating? Just some Victoria’s Secret model…..Miranda Kerr! Check out photographic evidence below. Ok now onto second fun fact: Erin’s dad is a band member of AC/DC. And finally, apparently we’ve been unconsciously eying model Allie on a daily basis. No, we don’t stalk her on Facebook people. She’s featured in a banner ad on the side panel of this site! Check her out on the right!! Whoa apparently the cast of this little show gets around huh? Who woulda thought? *Images courtesy of news.com.au, mtv.com, ac-dc.galeon.com, and revolveclothing.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. In regards to Allie as well… Remember how she was talking about a Diesel campaign… Well here is her ad: http://diesel.com/#/0099 well, that explains how all these girls have such nice apartments in New York city… Jays real name is Brent Tuhtan! And Miranda Kerrs agent is Jays sister… complicated huh? Yeah, I’ve seen Allie many times on revolveclothing.com as their model. I love Erin, she’s so cute!!! no wonder Erin has that huge apartment and knows people. holy crap that diesel campaign Allie is in is amazing!
Alexa Chung… January 7, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Well you would too if you had a bag named after you! If Marc Jacobs made a ‘Sarah’ bag I would wear it every single day for the rest of my life just to get the chance to tell people it’s name. That’s a big dream for me but for Alexa Chung it’s a reality. The bag that Mulberry named after our favourite British import celebrity is absolutely perfect for her. It blends femininity and masculinity as effortlessly as Chung does herself in her day to day wardrobe choices. Bravo Mulberry and congrats Alexa! *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m in LOVE with this bag…any idea if she’s carrying the large or small version?
More is always merrier! July 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Reese Witherspoon Chic July 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic To be honest, I hate to dress up during the summer. My key staples are easy to throw on tops, a hot pair of flats, and jeans. I wouldn’t even dare to wear a dress during the day cuz of the hassle it would involve dressing the look up. Well this photo of Reese Witherspoon really proves that you can take a dress and tone it down to make it an appropriate day look. Notice how she pairs her dress with some low-heeled sandals, sunglasses, and a slouchy bag. Almost instantaneously, her outfit is transformed to day chic and can easily be reverted back to night chic with a hot pair of heels and maybe a black blazer. Double-duty CHICness? I am so IN! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Day 2: MERCEDES-BENZ FASHION WEEK February 15, 2010 | Tags: Fashion Week Chic , Real Life Chic Phew! We feel like we’ve already been here for a week, and it’s only Day 2! Today was as exciting, if not even more, than yesterday. *Images and graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. D u look amazing! could be anymore jealous? NO!;p love you girls! Thanks guys! :*** it’s great that you are there, hope to have this luck one day. love your blog, i read it everyday. check mine :*:*:*
Igor + André Totes for Harajuku Lovers July 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find First it was Jane and her shoe line for UO, and now one of our faves has also moved up and out of the blog world. Danny Roberts , illustrator genius of Igor + Andre , has created a capsule collection for Gwen Stefani’s funky line. The bags portray Danny’s beautiful sketches of ladies donning Harajuku Lover’s designs. I’ve been shamelessly pleading with Mr. Roberts for a sketch of yours truly ( seriously, will you??! ), but settled for his t-shirt with one of my faves “Girls in the Glasses”, until he does, maybe, agree draw me, for which I will parade around town with the image plastered to my head. Freakish? Ya, his drawings are totally worth self-imposed embarrassment. They’re just that amazing. Congrats Danny! Here’s to bigger and better things… If you are interested in the tote or the satchel , you can find them both at Bloomingdale’s. *Images courtesy of igorandandre.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. awe thanks so much for this post means so much! I want your tshirt 😛
Street Chic: New York August 3, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic If only all mothers dressed like this. They would pave the way for their daughters, inspiring them with every choice, and we would have a full generation of fashionistas. If only… *Image courtesy of topshop.com .
Jessica Alba Chic February 5, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic We are totally feeling the colors in Jessica’s outfit here. So fresh for Spring! We’re now on the lookout for the perfect shade of aqua to rock once we tan… *Image courtesy of whowhatwear.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Riddle September 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find What do you get when you mix an UGG with a Minnetonka ? *Images courtesy of shopbop.com , uggsaustralia.com , and minnetonka.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
DIY Chic: Weight Gain Addition December 31, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Tips So now that the holidays are over, we know more than a few of us have added on a couple of pounds. When your fave pair of jeans is a bit too snug for comfort, you have 2 choices: to loose the pounds ( ha! easier said than done ) or to hide them in the back of your closet (we’re talking about your jeans, not the extra weight). Hold up, we here at Chic Intuition have actually seemed to find another solution, where you can lose the weight on your own time frame ( aka food poisoning ) and keep wearing your fave denim! How you may ask? Well we were browsing one of our fave blogs , remember Carolina who we interviewed a while back, we loved this image of her in these rockin’ leather lined jeans, and a light bulb went off. DIY project! So if you have any pairs of pants that you’d like to make grunge chic, here’s your answer. I’m actually dropping my pair off at the seamstress now (weight gain and laziness come hand in hand with me) ! *Image courtesy of fashionsquad.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Good idea! BJS *keep it stylish*
Street Chic Trend July 25, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of streetfsn by Nam. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thos three looks on the right. yes yes and yes. Shoesssssss… Wow, this image is just to die for!! Fashion is a Killer!!
Karla Spetic Chic August 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Don’t we always say Australia has so many hidden talents? We can’t wait to visit. Why? Well Karla Spetic for one. It’s all in the details with this designer. Sigh… *Images courtesy of karlaspetic.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: After Xmas Sale December 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Trend… January 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , justjared.com and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I think it might be a big trend coming! Be aware BJS *keep it stylish*
Balenciaga Fall 2013 March 1, 2013 | Tags: Chic Review Ever since we heard the news that Alexander Wang was chosen as the head designer for Balenciaga, we’ve been excited to see what he would come up with. Both being avid fans of Nicolas Ghesquière and his signature motorcycle inspired bags, we wondered if Wang could keep Balenciaga in a place of fashion cult-like stardom. The collection shown on the runway was very reflective of Wang’s style and his own signature line. With a black, white, and grey color palette, clean and simple silhouettes, and strategically placed cutouts, the new Balenciaga takes a more minimalistic approach that speaks volumes to a younger crowd. What we especially loved were the structured satchel bags and the out of the box footwear that enhanced the overall look of the ready to wear collection. Only time will tell if Alexander Wang is a good fit for Balenciaga but based on his first attempt, we think it will be a success! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Aldo Maune Wedges for Less! November 4, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find These wedges sold out the moment they appeared on a couple of bloggeristas feet. Why? They’re hotness. Ubiquitous on self style sites like Lookbook, the Aldo Maune pair on the left went for $140. Love em, right? Well we just so happened to spot an eerily similar pair ( for $88 mind you ) on Revolveclothing.com , the Mia Marion Lace Up Wedge! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of aldoshoes.com and revolveclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Great steal versus better steal post! I like the Mia version best! Lovelovelove this blog
Designer iPad covers, yes or no? June 23, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Salvatore Ferragamo announces the launch of the iPad case, among the first brands in the luxury sector to do so, for Summer 2010 ranging from $290 to $390 at retail. All styles will be available exclusively in Salvatore Ferragamo boutiques nationwide. “ Ferragamo has always been dedicated to offering sophisticated, quality leather accessories that provide for all lifestyle needs, ” says James Ferragamo, Director of Women’s Leather Goods and Handbags. “ Technology and design are constantly evolving and we are proud to be at the forefront of this advancement .” Would you buy a designer iPad cover, and for around the same price as the iPad itself? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. never….those prices are ridiculous.
Spend More. Save More. September 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit!
Street Chic: Patterned Up May 18, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. super outfits! love,tnk
Chic Poll: Ginormous Bags July 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll *Image courtesy of popsugar.com .
No, No, No! January 23, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic A few theoretical explanations for Pete Wentz’ latest choice in footwear: Whatever it is, he should never ever wear those boots again! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Uhhhhh, that’s bad, really really bad!!! BJS *keep it stylish* Why would anyone in their right mind do this to themselves? A better question yet, why would anyone let this man impregnate them? awful but actually i think they’re the $9,000 tom ford fur boots.. Cleopatra- You are hilarious! I totally agree! Why oh why? FJ- You mean he actually paid $9000 to look that bad? He could have easily done it for free.
Golden Girls September 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic A very unlikely coupling between Mischa Barton and Taylor Momsen here, no? But what makes it seem so right is the fact that both girls are glimmering in gold. Loves it. We were so inspired that we decided to scour the web for some gold glamour: Derek Lam One Shoulder Twist Dress Free People – Sequined Mesh Tunic (White Gold) – Apparel Antik Batik Classic Walice Sequin Tee in Gold Free People Sparkle Pocket Tank Victor & Rolf Gold Bermuda Shorts Les Prairies de Paris Le Royale Padairoy Trouser Daig in Gold *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Isabel Marant Cheap December 11, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy nitrolicious.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Thursday Friday…Everyday December 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review When our friend Roni emailed us saying she had a new project and wanted to send samples over, we couldn’t have typed OK! any sooner. The brand’s first launch, the Together Bag, does just that: brings people together. The moment anyone sees you carrying this cheeky affordable take on the Hermes Birkin, conversation strikes. This is the perfect gym bag, groceries bag, laptop bag, you get where we’re going with this. Check them out and prepare to freak over the affordable prices. *Images courtesy of thufri.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i love the bag, and the room! 😛 im dying/totally saving up for a hermes bag but this is FUN! i LUV it!!!! Hahahaha this is great. I love this.
One hell of a shoe. December 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Whitney Port : Lord of the Rings January 15, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic So I have an embarrassing confession to make. Actually they’re two confessions. The first is that I watch every episode of The City twice. Why? Well the first time is basically to grasp the drama, events, and ogle Jay. And the second time around I love to just focus on the fashions. You really do notice much more the 2nd time around, like the fact that most of Whitney and Olivia’s wardrobe is from DVF. Now my second, and even more plaguing declaration is that I’ve started to copy a trend I’ve caught Whitney doing: let’s call it the adjacent rings trend. Episode after episode, I found that she loves to wear two rings on her left hand, but unlike most of us out there who’d choose to adorn our index and ring fingers, she wears them on her index and middle finger. Ok, I think this is borderline stalker- ish , but I took the liberty of saving some frame shots for you ladies. I have to admit, once you try it, it’s kind of addictive. Ok, phew, feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. Maybe I should confess about finishing the rocky road choco chip cookies to my sisters? Oops, I kind of just did. *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courteys of Chic Intuition Inc. i do the same thing! except i am also very focused on the hair as well. there are so many cute ones that i want to try. same here! its so damn addicting. btw, any way of finding out who makes the ring on her index finger? haha you really look at the details don’t’you! It’s funny, because I’m also getting addicted to rings, but it’s hard to find good ones. Btw i like your blog ! It’s my favorite show on TV at the moment. Must notice the ring situation next week. Am just getting into the whole index ring thing. kiss, D I’m so excited- I thought I was the only who was OBSESSED with her ring style! I’m desperately searching for similar styles I love that oval roman style! In the top left image her ring is by Ettika and can be purchased here.
‘Fashion Week Woes’ Tonight on Rachel Zoe August 31, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Can’t get enough of RZP? Ya neither can we. This week we join Team Zoe as they take on the catwalks and chaos of NY Fashion Week. Rachel must stretch herself thin to attend every possible show, and when she gets the opportunity to attend a private, early viewing of Diane von Furstenberg’s collection, she’s in fashion heaven! But when Taylor abruptly announces that she is going back to LA in the middle of the trip, you can only imagine the chaos. Has Taylor had it with Team Zoe and her job? Tune in tonight for all the juicy events. Watch a preview of the second episode of The Rachel Zoe Project below: Not loving the pompom headwear. Looks to be like a home ec class project :/
Lanvin Hearts H&M September 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The rumor mills have been buzzing for days about the possible collaboration between Lanvin and H&M and we have finally recieved a confirmation that it’s 100% true!!! ( Insert cheering, clapping, and possible fainting here ) This partnership is so exciting on soooooooooo many levels. Number one, who doesn’t love Lanvin? Number two, who of us can afford to splurge on Lanvin? I’m happy to say that now we all can afford to have a little Lanvin in our wardrobes. The collection is due to hit stores on November 20th in North America and on November 23rd in the rest of the world. What a way to start the day!
Rachel Zoe Jewelry Inspiration February 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic In honor of the of her second season, we’ve decided to compile an inspiration board of jewelry items we’re sure the Styling Siren would approve of. Whether it be bling-ed out bracelets, ginormous rings, or marvelous necklaces, Rachel goes by the motto that more is….more! Take a look at our picks: Blu Bijoux Leopard Ring $22 Jessica Elliot Gold Long Multi-Iron Charm Necklace $305 Jami Rodriguez Jaguar Crystal Drop Earrings $95 Noir Turquoise Cuff $237 Bonus: Use code CYBR20 for 20% off!! *Images courtesy of fabsugar.com and maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. WOWWWWWWWWWWWW the ring is faaaaaab. but i have a problem i dunno whats my size :S
Beyond innovative… December 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Obsessions *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I just lost like $500 worth of H&M giftgards, CI!!! I had to tell you guys!! I’m sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo pissed! Console me, please. Haha Really though, I’m so upset. By the way, would you wear those? giftcards* DAMN! Ok be positive, be positive. You WILL find them. Keep that in mind and I’m sure (ok hoping) they’ll show up :/ My jaw literally droppped when I saw these!! Amazing Yeahhh, right. When it rains it pours!!! I’m getting over it though. I realised that it’s not the end of the world. Even though I thought it was. LOL
All I can say is… July 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Oh ya, and if you want a similar vest you can get one here , here , or here! *Image courtesy of popsugar.com this look alone makes me actually want to wear fringe, something i have been avoiding for a few months now I know right? i love her shoes…i saw them on a girl in selfridges the other day but didn’t get a chance to ask! what are they? They are Steve Madden Get them at http://www.stevemadden.com.
Welcome, Rachel Roy! June 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks , Chic Review We want to take this chance and welcome our latest affiliate to Chic Intuition, Rachel Roy . She’s received a lot of love from us here ( do we have to mention she’s one of our faves? ). She’s an inspiration and a unique talent. Oh, and she has diffusion line ( Rachel Rachel Roy ) where you can buy her amazing items for amazingly reasonable prices. We felt that on this great occasion, we’d let you guys in on an amazing deal: her Rachel Rachel Roy line is on sale, with items 65% off !!! Just click on the image below to check it out and send her our love. Happy Shopping! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thanks for the tip! I love Rachel Roy!
Chic Gift Guide for… December 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide The Art of Shaving Carry On Travel Kit $60 Minox Leica M3 Gold Digital Camera $349 WeSC The Alp Horn Headphones $130 Sabre The Way Kool Sunglasses $90 Amongst Friends The Weekend Duffle Men’s Bags $108 Black Dice Steel Wired Watch $152 Vans Era Trainers $68 Nancy Gonzalez Crocodile Treasure Box $198 Brera Rose Gold-Plated Chronograph $650 Coal The Camden Fedora $55 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution LLC.
Best $150 You’ll Ever Spend… October 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . ewwwwwww Oooo I completely disagree. Wow I wouldn’t wear that if someone paid me!
Street Chic: Coachella April 19, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the bag of the second girl! wow! http://www.abitoffashion.com
Ginnifer Goodwin Chic April 19, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic This girl has gone through so many amazing transformations, and all of them have only been for the best. We’re digging her recent ‘do, and can’t take our eyes off her cut out dress. Ginnifer wore a Vionnet dress to a cocktail reception hosted by Saks Fifth Avenue and Vogue to celebrate the designer’s Fall 2010 collection. Oh, and we can’t forget her TDF knee-high Louboutins. We decided to make the look our own, and for less. So take a look at our personal choices below: Marc By Marc Jacobs Acacia Cut Out Dress in Black $198 Dollhouse Women’s Syka Boot $103 *Images courtesy of couturesnob.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shopbop’s In the Family May 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Gifts- The Shoeaholic December 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Jessica Simpson Dover Slingback $62 2. Steve Madden Women’s Rytz Pump $130 3. Puma Gold Plated Sneakers $182 4. Miz Mooz Women’s Marin Engineer Boot $180 5. BCBGirls Women’s Dana Bootie $130 6. Ras Women’s Dress Flat with Bow $130 7. Unionbay Women’s Midwest Boot $55 8. Jeffrey Campbell Annie Black Suede Flat with Grommets $125 great picks! those pink flats are adorable
Esteban Cortazar for Exito August 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review The people over at Ungaro must be kicking themselves this very second. Actually, they might be kicking the person who decided to replace Esteban Cortazar with Lindsay Lohan! This young designer’s latest collection for Latin American fashion house Exito is pure genius. The collaboration is the first of three capsule collections by the Colombian-born designer, a strong & exciting next step for him. Just point us to where we can shop it… *Images courtesy of estebancortazarconexito.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Runway to Realway: Abaete March 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Whitney Port & The City October 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review A bunch of you out there might be over The Hills, but if you have a change of heart, then check out Whitney’s new spin off ‘The City’. You can anticipate a bunch of boys, drama, fashion, and fun on her show, not to mention an internship with the one and only Diane Von F. Take a look at the preview below.
Yves Saint Laurent ‘Manicure Couture’ Duo August 12, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Can winter come any sooner?! We need to literally get our hands on these shades pronto! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Living May 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We’ve been getting a number of e-mails requesting us to start featuring more decor posts on the blog. Obviously I personally wouldn’t mind, since I’m a designer professionally, but what we really want to know if you readers are interested in features like these. We know you loved seeing Carrie Bradshaw’s before and after apartment photos , so we’d like to feature chic bedroom accessories that we’d love to own ourselves (and are kind of in the process of purchasing some.. oops, there goes my self imposed credit card ban! ). Take a look at our fave bold, statement picks which you can all purchase here : *Images courtesy of vivre.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. yes! I would love more decor…. chic houses are part of a chic girl. Love the pillow and the picture frames I dont think so, i like it just about fashion. if you want decor, make another website Oh, thank you, thank you so much for posting this! I’m in the process of renovating my room, so this is very helpful! Thanks for posting!!! And hope to see more decor post soon!!! This website doesn’t have to be confined to just clothing, Abby. Fashion doesn’t mean CLOTHES alone. I personally love the decor posts!More please!
YOOX Vintage & Contemporary Jewelry November 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert If any of you are into the vintage accessories trend ( *cough cough* Chic Critic! cough* ) then you’re up for a great surprise. YOOX presents an exclusive selection of bijoux that includes one-of-a-kind pieces, collector’s items from renowned names in vintage costume jewelry like Coppola and Toppo, Correani, Chanel, Miriam Haskel; and avant-garde creations by contemporary designers including losseliani, Ligia Dias, and Florian. Jewelry is a huge trend this season, and we know a lot of you would love to get your hands on statement pieces. All you need is one hot item to adorn yourself with, and you’re ready to head out with a bang! Items are flying fast, so hurry up. And oh ya, and they ship internationally! *Images courtesy of yoox.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Gilt Groupe Sales of the Day July 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ya, the Brian Reyes collection is one to be seen! Head on over to Gilt Groupe today, and if you don’t already have an invitation only account, then here’s one from us to you! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Yay Brian Reyes! He’s one of my favorite new designers, must see if there’s anything left in my size! I love Brian Reyes! I am completely bummed I missed that sale…I’m sure it was great! I am a big fan of Brian Reyes as well. Is he going to be back on Gilt anytime soon?
Skeletor Chic? May 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Somarta FW10 collection’s ape skull head hand bags: love it, or leave it? *Images courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LEAVE IT. I make a point to not wear symbols, or signs that have a deeper meaning to them, like crosses and skulls. Fashion is a highly expressive art, and most people that wear sybols like these, don’t think about what they are saying. Only wear what applies to you. These bags are interesting, but unless you want to send the messages of death, I’d say leave it. If you do wear symbols, be prepared to back up your beliefs and be ready to be judged. ps. sorry about the spelling 😛 no. just no. leave.it. Ok, Victoria has a point, but those skulls are decorated with flowers and seem to be a mexican inspired, like day of the deads, when death is celebrated with a festival. So death itself has another meaning, appreciating life by celebrating death. About the bags, I like the black one. Dont think they have a gothic feel at all.
Bandals August 3, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Love them or loathe them, you have to admit that Rachel Bilson’s sandals (boots?) make a statement. The latest trend in footwear, a combination of boots and sandals, let’s just call them bandals , are everywhere. We decided to pick our faves, ranging from the costly to the modest. Just remember, we told you you’d get stares in any one of these! Azzedine Alaia ‘Whips’ Gladiator Boots $2,074 Jeffrey Campbell ‘Jaya’ Sandal $98 C2 Elements Sandal $99.99 Cocobelle Bahia Elastic Sock Thong Sandal $70 Paul & Joe Dedalo Flat Gladiator Sandal $379 (on sale) *Images courtesy of nypost.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cameron Diaz Chic December 24, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic No, she’s not shooting an ad for DKNY, this pic is actually a snapshot of Diaz hailing a cab in the city of lights. We’re just in awe of her casual cool demeanor, and immediately wanted to duplicate this look. Now how cool would it be if we could get her whole look for less than $200? Ya, well Merry Xmas ladies! Check out our picks below. Alloy A-line Wool Coat $71.60 Alloy Turtleneck Cable Sweater $29.20 delia*s Taylor Low-Rise Super Skinny Jean $44.50 Forever21 Gabby Pointelle Beanie $8.80 delia*s Wynona Zipper Bag $36.50 *Images courtesy of people.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: London Fashion Week September 22, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ines de la Fressange’s Office September 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of theselby.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. This is not her apartment but her office at Roger Vivier. Whoops! Thanks. I love love love the office or room or whatever it is . It’s very girly and fun!!!
Veda Jones Jacket July 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We admire this jacket for one main reason: it takes 3 trends (khaki, leather, and army inspired) and makes one item out of them. We are in love! Doesn’t this look like something Taylor Tomasi would wear? It’s a perfect staple for Fall, and we love Veda for designing it. Check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What kind of sunnies are those I am in LOVE!!
The cardigan… February 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . Where is this blouse from? how cute! love you guys! sorry, I meant the t-shirt…. It’s a Marc by Marc Jacobs T-Shirt get it here.
Miroslava Duma Pregnancy Chic July 15, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic If you are pregnant, or plan on having a baby in the future, we’d say this is the image to go by. Print it out, laminate it, and tape it to your mirror. Follow every single thing this fashionista editor does. She has got it down pat! *Images courtesy of blogs.lexpress.fr/cafe-mode . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love these looks! Yayy, I jusy found out I am pregnant so this is right in time. Great looks!
Let the jacket do the talking. November 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Please do tell us if you’ve had enough leopard posts, and if you have we’d recommend skipping out on this one, because it’s all about our love for the trend. Just seeing this ensemble makes us want to A) Create an outing just to wear it and B) Try this Pencey High Collar Coat or the Alice + Olivia Shawl Collar Faux Fur Jacket . Who can resist? *Images courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: High Flyers October 25, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Check out how three hot chiceristas wear their high waisted pants. It works for all styles! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. gosto muito da do meio
Givenchy Spring 2009 October 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Um… WOW! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
For the Shoe Lovers Out There… December 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Hot Holiday Dresses November 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Now that Thanksgiving is almost done and over with, it’s time to take advantage of the sales and think about the holidays. After perusing Macy’s we couldn’t help but notice how many amazing dress choices they had! The prices are also unbelievable! Can you believe that every single one of these dresses is under $200??? Now that’s gotta mean something! Also, use code PERK for an extra 15%-20% off and free shipping! Ready… Set… SHOP! DKNY Jeans Sleeveless Printed Dress Nine West City Printed Shift Dress Ali Ro Flutter Cap-Sleeve Frilled Dress BCBGeneration Colorblocked Charmeuse V-Neck Dress Max & Cleo Sleeveless Taffeta Ruffled-Hem Dress I, too, love the Max and Cleo dress but as of today, November 28, Macy’s only has it in a size 12. Ukh! Bummer… That was one of my faves too
Lanvin Love April 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find I do, I do. I have this sick obsession with sunglasses. I don’t mean the $5 ones that you can buy from the Gas Station Mini Mart, but actual designer shades. I swoon, I think for about 2 seconds, and I purchase. I don’t care if I just bought a pair of Derek Lam shades that are still in the mail (should arrive in a couple of days). Lanvin shades: I want you. I disgustingly must have you. Come live with me… *Images courtesy of olsen-files.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh ma gawd I’m like that! I’m even planning on having a sunglass room sometime in the near future! check out my new blog:
Whitney Eve Fall 09 April 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic And the most improved fashion line award goes to….. Whitney Port and her Whitney Eve Fall 09 collection!!! (Applause everyone!) I just can’t believe how much her line has gone from drab to absolutely Sex and the City type fab! If this is the inpiration you get from working with a great like Diane von Furstenberg sign me up asap! I seriously still can’t get over how beautiful and refined the white blazer with the black bow is. Bravo Whitney! We will definitely let you guys know when these pieces are ready to purchase! *Images courtesy of whitneyport.celebuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I completely agree! It’s good to see that her style is really shining through in her collection now!
Grammy Style Sinners February 9, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Paris Hilton: The lady we crown ‘Miss Stripper Chic’, since she manages to pull off that look time after time… M.I.A: You might actually be able to ‘ fly like paper, get high like planes ‘ in that get-up. Safety parachute included. Zooey Deschanel: Where do we start? The ill-fitting dress, the soooo wrong shoes, or the unnecessary hair piece? Estelle: “Beam me up Scotty!” *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. It’s Estelle and not Adelle! BJS *keep it stylish* haha oops…Thanks xoxo
Charlize Theron Chic March 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing this pic of Charlize looking uber hot in her gold Lanvin dress, I quicky rushed to find my own. Imagine my delight when I found this almost identical Tibi Electric Lame dress for only $300! If I just add a black ribbon at the waist it will look just as gorgeous. Now I just can’t wait for a hot occassion to wear it… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Blake Lively Makeup Chic November 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Face: Begin by applying Lancôme ‘Ôscillation Powerfoundation’ in beige 20 onto face and neck. Eyes: Brush on the pearly white shadow from the Guerlain ‘Ombre Éclat – Summer Splash’ Eyeshadow Palette from lashline to browbone on upper lids. Also, lightly dust under the lower lid. Next, highlight browbone using the pearly pink beige shadow. Lastly, apply some of the taupe shadow from lashline to crease and on the inner corner of the eye. Now, using M.A.C ‘Greasepaint’ Stick heavily line upper and lower lashlines. Brush on Prescriptives ‘Lash Envy’ Mascara on upper and lower lashes. Cheeks: Take Philosophy ‘The Supernatural – Lit From Within’ Cream Blush in Feel Warm All Over and rub onto cheekbones. Lips: Finish the look with some Dior ‘Rouge Dior’ Lipstick in Diorama. *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Hayden Panettiere Makeup Chic June 1, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Face: Apply Soleil Tan De CHANEL in sun-kissed allover face and neck. Next, brush Shiseido ‘The Makeup’ Luminizing Satin Face Color onto the apples of your cheeks. Eyes: Define brows with M·A·C ‘Impeccable’ Brow Pencil in dirty blonde. Using Clinique Color Surge Eyeshadow Quad in pink chocolates, apply lightest shade from lashline to browbone. Next, apply the dusty rose colored shade onto eyelids from lashline to the crease and line eyes with the metallic brown color. Lastly, adhere M·A·C 3 Lash to upper lashline. Lips: To top off the look, swipe Trish McEvoy Cream Lip Color onto lips. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the look! Can you please tell me which color that is from the Trish McEvoy cream lipstick line?
B&W June 11, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Alexander Wang White Rocco Mini Duffel Alexander Wang Black Rocco Mini Duffel *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Like the gray Rocco, i’m sure the white will get dirty and color will turn greyish after a few wears Is it greedy of me to insist I want both?
Scarf Trends Off the Streets March 26, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love the skinny scarf!
Zac Posen for Target November 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Oh. My. God. Yes, you read the title right, the latest uber designer to have been commissioned by Target ( or as we like to call them, Tar-jay) is Mr. Posen! We can’t wait to see how this evening dress mastermind will transform his $12,000 items to $12 ones. We’re rooting for you Zac! Mark your calendars for April 25, 2010. But before that, don’t forget that the collaboration with the Rodarte girls is coming out December 20th. Good job Tarjay ! *Images courtesy of style.com and target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. can.not.freak.in.wait. so excited!!!! I love that tarjay is doing this with designers.
Cheap Chic: Gucci September 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find When I saw these Jeffrey Campbell Sistah Sandals I instantly recognized his source of inspiration- Gucci! Now although some of you are upset by the fact that we encourage you to get similar versions of high fashion items, we Chics have agreed that as long as it’s backed by reputable brands we support it 100%. We’ll never direct you to a place to get really good fake Guccis or Cuccis (lol), but we’ll always encourage you to look for pieces that are influenced by top designers because it instantly makes them look more expensive. So when the choice is between $120 and $1295 for a pair of studded sandals that will probably be out the next season, we say go for the steal, enjoy them, and throw them away when the trend gets old because we all know how hard it is to throw away Guccis no matter how tired the trend right? *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. LOVEEE!!
Damsel in Distress March 14, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Distressed denim is a trend that’s been in for a while now, and since we don’t see it going anywhere anytime soon, why not choose some affordable pairs for you guys? Take a look at these three from Alloy. The best part? They’re all under $50 each! Revolt Ripped Black Skinny Jean $37 Indigo Saints Ecru Destroyed Stretch Skinny Jean $45 Vigoss Paint-Splatter Stretch Skinny Jean $37 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love these!!!
4 Reasons We Love Rachel Bilson’s Style… September 25, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. hot hot hot! love it! omg…it ironic that i am wearing a white rufle blouse while writing this comment…i would raid her closet anyday
Fashion Week Mess Award- Aubrey O’Day! September 11, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic She’s becoming too much of an easy target but we just couldn’t help it… What are those things she’s wearing on her legs??? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Sigh* The thing that really bothers me is that not only are the outfits not the best look for her, but her makeup always looks strangely “off”. She’s a talented girl and someone needs to make her style match her talent. I agree Elana! Also, I swear she looks unrecognizable since season 1 of their MTV show!
Not or Hot? January 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find How much longer does Ray Ban want to ride the Wayfarer Wagon? Pretty long we’re guessing, by the looks of things. Check out the ‘ Wayfarer Skinnies ‘ we spotted on Shopbop . We’re not sold on the shape yet, gotta try them on ourselves. We say don’t ruin a good thing, and these skinny mini versions of the trendy shades are a bit weird looking to us. Would you don them? *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I do prefer the classic version, but these are not ugly at all! BJS *keep it stylish* I’m sorry I just can’t see this shape looking flattering on ANY face. honestly.. at first i thought they were hideous… but now as i look at them.. the black ones seem buy-able. I love them. Seriously they are definitely my favorite so far.
Louboutin & Leopards November 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them at LUISAVIAROMA.COM . OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!! I’m really speechless, and that’s saying a lot for me! I’m adding these to this wish list collage I’m making to post on the fridge as a super subtle hint for dearest hubby Haha so cute!
Shopping Singer 22 July 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks So during an extremely boring meeting, I decided to keep myself occupied with checking out the new arrivals at our friend Singer 22 … There’s something about shopping online when you’re bored that leads to very undesirable results. Undesirable, that is, for my credit card but not for my wardrobe! Here are some of my (and the celebs’) summer must haves: 1. YaYa Afalo Sparrow Tunic 2. Gypsy 05 Alligator Braided Maxi Dress 3. JJ Winters Yellow Croc Clutch 4. Blank Black Skinny Jeans with Grommet Detail 5. LnA Regular V Neck *Images courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Yep!! agreeeed! I wouldnt mind adding the yellow clutch to my wardrobe and black skinnies and plain V neck tees are still on my “to buy list” lol. im on the hunt for the perfect pair of black skinny jeans.
Boots Under $100! November 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks ‘Tis the season to…stay warm but stylish, in moderation with this economy . So we decided to go on a mini scavengar hunt and find an array of boots under $100. Now you can stay warm and look good without having to break the bank! Happy Shopping! White Mountain Zurich Aerosoles Rolematic Michael Antonio Women’s Miga Knee High Boot Rocket Dog – Chain Gang Coconuts by Matisse Women’s Bentley Boot *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Inspired By: Blumarine Fall 2009 September 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top right: *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I NEED THAT NECKLACE.
All of London Sing… September 21, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Some of Tommy Ton’s amazing shots from London Fashion Week… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Top 5 Bronzers August 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks We here at Chic Intuition have had our fair share of bronzer mis-haps. Whether we’d end up looking streaked and tweaked or oven-baked burnt, we’ve finally been able to out a bad (or good) bronzer. For beginners, we’d recommend dealing with the powdered type of shimmer. This enables you to highlight the areas of focus, and simultaneously darken your features as you go. Cream bronzers, on the other hand, are quite tricky to maneuver. Most people squeeze the cream on their hands, and apply with fingers or a brush. After a couple of sweeps, they’ll notice that their hands have turned the color of an orange mirangue pie. Don’t forget how sometimes creams can create lines and patches for those bronzer virgins out there! This post was inspired by this image of a flawless Leighton Meester. The fresh faced bronzed beauty clearly knows what works for her, and in this case it’s shine and sheen. Since we don’t know the level of of bronzer application expertise of our Chic Readers, we decided to start out easy with our top 5 powder picks: NARS Blush/Bronzer Duo Guerlain Terracota Bronzing Powder Lancome Star Bronzer Laura Mercier Mosaic Shimmer Block Cargo Beach Blush *Images courtesy of justjared.com and sephora.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Great article as I am a big fan of bronzer and always looking for a new one to try. Lovely photo of Leighton, as well. Thanks Fashion Chalet If you try one of them tell us how it goes! Not a fan of bronzer, but it does give you a nice boost when needed. And I disagree with FC, leighton meester looks horrible! she is not tan at all! It’s way too overdone, everyone knows her natural colouring is very fair, she looks fake here!
Fierce Fringe September 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Designers have gone into a fringe frenzy, adding it to everything from vests, shoes, and bags. We personally have a weakness for anything fringed, but do keep in mind that we can’t wear more than one piece at a time. In fact, fringe so in now, that it’s available at all price points. That’s the one plus to a tired trend. We’ve scoured the net for our fave fringed handbags, ranging from the painfully pricey to the cherish-able cheap. Jimmy Choo Fringe Hobo $1495 Vanessa Bruno Fringe Hobo $830 Urban Outfitters Passport Fringe Bag $30 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Um… WHAT??? September 30, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Okay things are getting a bit awkward when you wanna smack a designer on the side of the head and yell “What the *#!& were you thinking???” Especially when it’s a reputable brand like Dior! What is happening to the fashion world these days? Are they underestimating our intelligence and just throwing random ideas out there thinking that we’ll pounce on anything because of the reputable name? Well… No! No Dior! I will not resort to wearing human beings in the heels of my shoes, dangling from my ears, or hung around my neck! Seriously? Seriously ? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. the necklaces looks like african fertility gods I Hate when designers do that- thinking that we will buy or love whatever they make… this is just too out of the box for me! I LOVE LOVE the makeup for the show!!!
Runway Report: Shearling Chic October 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Absolutely DYING for a shearling!
Free People October Catalogue September 30, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert One of our fave stores has a special catalog coming out this month. Since they, like us, are constantly inspired by all of the bloggers out there, Free People have asked three fashion bloggers with their own unique style and personality to model in their October catalog. Check out the videos below from the shoot and then check out what’s new at freepeople.com .
Take an EXTRA 20% OFF Shopbop Sale Shoes June 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember those hot as hell Zanotti gladiators we posted about? The ones Lindsay was seen wearing ? Well remember that we told you that they were on sale….even better news: you can get an EXTRA 20% off of them!!! For these shoes and more bargain buys, make sure to check out Shopbop ‘s shoe selection. Just enter code SHOEBONUS20 at checkout. Offer ends Thursday June 4th midnight PDT. P.S.: Free international shipping if you spend more than $100! *Image courtesy of shopop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Bibs Aren’t Just for Babies Anymore September 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Juicy Couture Lace Drama Necklace tuleste market Large Hammered Squares Choker Lizzie Fortunato Jewels Midnight Rambler Necklace
Spring Beauty Trends 2012 September 26, 2011 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lauren Conrad Chic October 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Whoa did Lauren look good at her appearance on David Letterman! Is it only me, or do you guys also find it wierd that she chose to whip out her YaYa Aflalo Ruffled Garland Top only a wk after Whitney was seen sporting a similar one. It seems to me that ‘someone’ wants to mark her territory as a fashionista and as the original reality show sweetheart. Well Lauren, even if we do fall in love with Whitney’s new show, we promise we’ll still hold a special place in our hearts for The Hills. Now that that’s settled, let’s break down her look: 1. YaYA Aflalo Garland Top 2. Alice and Olivia High Waisted Pants 3. Streets Ahead Studded Belt 4. Mike & Chris Quintus Leather Jacket *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Thank god for lauren wearing high waisted pants, i just love them and don’t want them to go out of style(i have too many)
Sale on the Sale! March 6, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert shopbop.com
Ashley Olsen Chic July 18, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Dying to know who this vest is by?!!!! And can you find similar please?!
Kim Kardashian Airport Chic February 27, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic We love Kim’s style, and we have Monica Rose to thank. The woman knows what she’s doing, just take a look at how hot this Kardashian looks while catching a flight. Just take note: your outfit has to be hot and comfy. You can see what her actual outfit consists of on Monica’s blog , but we decided to take a different route and get you the look for less. Lulu & Veronica Faux Leather Motorcycle Jacket $39 Hero Crane O Neck Tee $127 Paula Bianco Infinity Scarf in Light Grey $83 Revolution by Revolt Destroyed Skinny Jean $42 Pleaser Women’s Maiden Medieval Boot $88 *Images courtesy of people.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love Kims Style and yes… Monica Rose Rocks I love this style =) and i love the last entry in ur blog,i love the bracelet=)! Love this look. Although those boots had to be a pain to take off at security.
A Second Round? February 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll
Michelle Obama VOGUE Cover February 11, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic The first image of Mrs President have finally surfaced, and we’re a bit… blah -ed out. We were so excited to hear that the First Lady was to cover our most coveted magazine, and imagined the endless possibilities of her glammed up. But when we took a look at her in a plain magenta dress, we were a bit disappointed. Havn’t we seen this look and that hair all too much? I don’t know, maybe it’s our mental association with Vogue and all things uber glamorous that got the best of us. What do you think, would you like to have seen her made over? *Image courtesy of Today/MSNBC . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. DRAB. seriously? just because she’s mrs. president doesn’t make fashion fabulous-ness a no-no! I was expecting more glamour too, when I heard the news yesterday that she was going to be on Vogue. I’m slightly disappointed, but I will say that she looks gorgeous. There is something very timeless about the picture they choose, regardless if it’s “glamorous” or not. DRAB…they could have added some bracelets or a fun necklace at least. drab! she’s wearing the standard first lady uniform for the cover… she has made some more interesting choices when her husband was running for president so the vogue stylists could definitely have some risky choices… then again, as a first lady she has to look politically correct so they are at a difficult positon; but i still think they could have figured out a more interesting outfit and photo and still look politically correct So Drab. She could have at least worn a gown! it’s 100 % her people controlling the cover shoot. think about the bigger context. she can’t look too fabulous/high fashion/accessorized when the country is sinking into a deep depression. when unemployment numbers are higher than they have been in four decades. it’s all about representing restraint. similar to the 90s minimalism backlash to the 80s excess.
Zara ‘Balmain’ Crystal Studded Sandals March 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Lately, I’ve been trying to finish my summer season shopping ahead of time since the deals are too good to pass up. So far I’ve been quite successful and must say I’m proud of myself. Anyways, while on this mission I happened to check out my local Zara and lo and behold I found the crystal studded Balmain-inspired sandals that no one on the blogosphere is currently able to get. Apparently Zara stopped making them due to a stern warning from Balmain (well that’s the story going around in any case)! Well I’m happy to say I scored the last two pairs they had but unfortunately when I got home they didn’t fit my feet So I was thinking of returning them and then I thought why not help a hopeless fashionista or two out there who didn’t happen to get their hands on their own pair? So here goes, I am selling two pairs of these sandals in a size 40 Eur, 9 USA, and 7 UK. They are both brand new and never worn and one even has a plastic protectant cover on the soles. I must say these babies are very high quality and the studding and crystal detail are not in any way flimsy. After looking up their pricing on Ebay ($450-$599), I’ve listed them here for $350 and free shipping to anywhere in the U.S. (for international a flat rate of $35 with insurance will apply). Good luck! Who on earth would pay $600 for a pair of knockoffs? You can get a fine pair of Louboutins for that money (two if they are on sale). This is ridiculous. they only retail for $169. I guess $600 for a pair of knockoffs (if they are good ones) doesn’t seem bad compared to the price of the Balmain shoes at over $1500! I was wondering if they run true to size i am an 8.5 and I was thinking of bidding on the size 9 I’m an 8.5 too. Hmmm… I would say get the 9 because they run a little small. The only reason I wasn’t able to keep mine is because of the width of the shoe. I have one pair left and so if you want them let me know and we’ll make the arrangements. I am ready to buy this shoes, what do i have to do?? my size in europe is 40, Hello-Do you still have a pair of these? If so- I would like them….please let me know. I am an 8.5- will these be too big? Or do they run small? If they don’t fit- do you accept returns? Thanks! Clair They are sold out guys! If I get my hands on anymore I’ll let you know. hey. I’m really really interested in these shoes. My size in Europe is a 36-37, do you have one of these sizes? Las sandalias de ZARA al ser un clon perfecto de Balmain, han sido retiradas del mercado. Ya no se venden en ZARA. Yo he conseguido unas. LAS SUBASTO. Para saber más visita mi blog: http://www.lifestyleamanda.com Un abrazo!! Hi, I’m selling my Balmain sandals by Zara. The reason? I thought I could survive the heel but I can’t, and before they die in my closet, I hope another Balmain addict girl want them!!
Ask Chic: Hayden Panettiere’s Boots May 3, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Elizabeth writes: “Hi ladies, I recently checked a web site called my lookbook and Hayden Panettiere was wearing these gray boots which I love. I am dying to know who designed them and the people on my lookbook referred me to you to get the answer. Thank you for your time!” Hey Elizabeth! Wow we must say we are flattered that you were referred to us to find out the answer to your question. Lucky for you, we did recognize these boots instantly. They are Coach Maxene Leather Boots in Gray and Hadyen Panettiere and Jessica Alba are both huge fans. Hope you are just as enamored by them *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Yoox Extra 20% off Spring/Summer! April 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Guilty admission time: we’re kiiiiiiiinda glad that sales are starting really early this year. I mean, the Summer hasn’t even appeared full blown and already hot wardrobe pieces are up for a fraction of the cost. We know we should be feeling a bit remorse for the multi-million dollar companies that are forced to lower their prices but….ya you get where we’re going with this one. Latest online store to have to join the rest of the best sales?! Yoox.com ! Click here to visit countless designer items which have reached up to 80% off their original prices. Sale ends May 13. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of yoox.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No No No! November 6, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Lesson of the day ladies. If you mix your clothing/accessory items incorrectly, no matter how hot each piece is individually, you might bomb. Take a look at Posh over here, with her black on black overkill. Leather jacket: hot. Aviator shades: hot. Leather bag: hot. But since each bold accessory is harsh on its own, its an easy given that her look won’t go off well. Seems like a nasty mix between Robocop and the Terminator. Not chic. *Images courtesy of justjared.com , mwctoys.com , and stockimg.free.fr . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Couldn’t agree more! I think she’s tiny enough and fragile looking -enough to not load on leather… (I’m getting my blogaround back and running today! got you a special place!) lol
Cut It Out April 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them at shopbop.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I especially like the black dress on the left—it’s conservatively sexy and the solidness of it has a powerful feel. Thanks for sharing
Chic Interview: My Fash Diary January 12, 2011 | Tags: Chic Interview We’re totally enthralled by our latest Chic Interviewee, she has a wardrobe that makes some of the most stylish girls die of envy. Twenty-year-old Tala Samman of MyFashDiary is a Syrian who was born in the USA, grew up in Dubai, and now lives in London, talk about major globe trotting! Keep a close eye on this fashion student, we’re sure she’ll be making her mark on the Fashion World in the near future… Chic Intuition: What drew us to your blog was two things Tala, your undeniable beauty and your nationality. It’s so refreshing (and rare) to see an Arab fashionista run a blog. Tell us how you started. Tala: Thank you! I’m flattered. I have been a fan of blogs for quite a while (a long way before the whole blogging craze begun) I wanted to start my own to share my love for fashion and document my exciting fashion experiences but needed to find the right time for the commitment. Chic Intuition: Anyone who follows My Fash Diary knows that you have your place in the fashion industry. Your mother is the face of Nina Ricci in the Middle East. Do you have any plans to represent a brand in the future? Tala: Never say Never! Chic Intuition: Complete this sentence: “My proudest moment in fashion was….” Tala: “getting assigned a front row seat at Chanel SS11 show in Paris.” Chic Intuition: How surreal was it to meet Christian Louboutin? Did he live up to his God’s gift to women everywhere status?! Tala: He is such an interesting and talented man, and very down to earth! Chic Intuition: Philosophical Q time: How flared is too flared? Tala: When you start resembling a clown… *Images courtesy of myfashdiary.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE her style!!!! wow love her style, thanks for introducing me to this fab blogger!
Isaac Mizrahi Spring 2010 September 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review It’s hard to imagine that Fred Astaire could be a muse behind a female fashion line, but Mr. Mizrahi ( or as we like to call him, Mr. Magic ) made it happen. His latest presentation entitled Astaire Case or Obstacle Course , was based around feminizing 50s menswear elements. We honestly loved every single piece in this collection. From the color palette to the beautifully sewn light floral detailing, nothing went missing. To top it all off, were the amazing accessories ranging from oxfords to top hats. The extravagant designer took his collection a step ahead of what we’ve grown so tired of seeing, grunge and filth. Thanks Mr. Magic for reminding us that fashion should have some beauty incorporated. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Transitional Street Chic November 18, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic Winter is coming and I’m so excited! Even though I look forward to summer, there’s something about winter style that I love. I don’t know what it is exactly but I think it has something to do with the ability to layer, boots, and the fact that winter clothing just looks more elegant. Well today I was at The Grove having dinner and walking around and finally felt the beginning of the winter season. I even ran into Stacy Keibler (umm can I say legs for MILES) and her boyfriend Geoff Stults and they looked like they were also feeling the winter chill. Since I couldn’t snap pics of their street style, I decided to search for some street looks online for the perfect transitional outfits. Check them out below and get inspired people! Warning: These looks are recommended for California winters! For you other guys with snowy weather, make sure to add a few more layers. We will not be held responsible for you freezing your butts off! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc . Now kids$dears, who knows where these gorges studded shoes from? Besides the colin stuart shoes (that you can never find anymore) i’ve been looking for something like this forever! Hers are the ‘original’ studded booties by Louboutin
Ask Chic: Frye for Less August 12, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Elysia asks: “Hey! I love your blog so much- the personality is really fun and you have great style. Anyways, I am in love with almost every Frye boot, but I don’t want to spend $400. Do you know of any good (cheap) look-a-likes to any of their riding boots? I especially love the Campus 12R in Saddle, but I could totally go for anything :)” Wow, what a fun challenge! We went on the quest for the quintessential look for less, and have to admit that there are a ton of options for not only a $100, but for less than $50! We don’t know if it’s the economy or the fact that designers out there are sympathizing with frugal fashionistas, but we love it either way. Personally we are huge fans of Frye boots, and think that they are a great investment for those of you out there that want a long term relationship with a wearable riding boot. But for those of you seeking a fashionable fling with the trend, then we recommend following Elysia’s lead and looking for a less costly version. We’ve compiled a list of our faves under $100, and have to admit that all this research has got us aching for some cold weather wear! Fitswell Sandusky $ 89.10 ALLOY Moto Boot $49.50 ASOS Buckle Detail Low Biker Boots $67 Delia*s Mackenzie Boot $89.50 Timberland Women’s Flora Tall Boot $98.97 *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. hey i dont know if this helps at all but they also have a couple of styles like this at aldo http://www.aldoshoes.com/eng/storeSection/redirect.cfm?sectionID=b2c/style/productDetails.cfm&itemID=69248071&&var=d&ckey=CA&colorid=22 http://www.aldoshoes.com/eng/storeSection/redirect.cfm?sectionID=b2c/style/productDetails.cfm&itemID=69372662&&var=d&ckey=CA&colorid=97 THANK YOU! i like some of these options! i actually meant to write under $150, so if anyone knows of any other options as well, I would totlaly appreciate it! danielle- i really love those aldo ones. thanks!!! I have more! there are actually a lot at Victoria’s Secret .com, which might be odd…Some of them might be a stretch (as in maybe they only resemble Fryes a little bit) but Oh well: http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-230123&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-215924&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-228412&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-214245&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-227989&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-228488&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-227990&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096 Sale: http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/application/prodDisplay/?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=9C-217490&page=1&cgname=OSSHUBOOVIL&rfnbr=2096
Chic Quote August 31, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ashlee Simpson *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. this girl has been pregnant for a while, where’s her belly? it’s there dont worry
Chic Gift Guide for… November 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Malababas Metallic Large Headband in Nickel $96 Haute Hippie Rose Bubble Dress $895 Report Signature Watts Ruffle Zipper Pumps $195 Sachin + Babi Monaco Necklace $280 BLAQUE LABEL White Lace Dress $135 VICTOR OSBORNE Cloche Hat $313 DANNIJO Eden Ring $138 Vogue Oversized Sunglass in Black $80 FREELOOK Silver Chrono Watch $249 TIBI Black Skye Pump $420 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the giant flower dress. It’s very cute! If I could find a toned-down version of it (and cheaper), I’d prolly buy it for a weekend party dress!
Chic Interview: Silver Wings March 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview For our latest installment of Chic Interviews, we decided to take the inspirational route and opt for one of the most mellow blogs out there. Her likes? “ White dresses and drawing raindrops “. Ana, a 14 year old residing in the USA, is a teenager oozing individuality, talent, and best of all, intangible realities. Say what you like, her approach to blogging is beyond its time, and we can’t wait to see what she has in store for the future. Read what she had to say and then head on over to her blog, Silver Wings for a taste of the whimsical. Chic Intuition: What attracted us to your blog is the fact that each post is so beautifully composed with images, thoughts,doodles and musings. How did you develop this unique aesthetic? Ana: The mishmash of poems, doodles, musings and photos is just my natural inclination. I want my blog to be a high tech version of a journal, with photos pasted in, poems copied down, and my own musings. Chic Intuition: It’s obvious that you’re an artist, a dreamer at heart. Any future career plans that include fashion and/or art? Ana: I hope to be a photographer or writer. I also want to start my own school and teaching method. Chic Intuition: You quote Frida Kahlo on your blog “ Feet, what do I need you, when I have wings to fly? “. If you could fly, this second, to any destination, where would it be and why? Ana: Holland. I miss my family, the smell of our house, the stores, all of it! Chic Intuition: What is your favorite fashion purchase? Ana: Recently I got this ballet inspired pink skirt from Bloomingdales and I love it. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how dreamy is too dreamy? Ana: Dreamy is never too dreamy as long as its genuine. *Images courtesy of thesearesilverwings.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Gossip Girl Chic July 6, 2010 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic It’s been a while since we last dedicated a post to GG style ( honestly we have no legit excuse other than the fact that we’re kinda behind on the episodes ). But we just could NOT resist posting about the girl’s recent trip to Pagheeee (that’s Paris). The style, the macaroons, the smiles…who wouldn’t notice? We took the liberty of re-doing the girl’s looks for you. Bon shopping mon amies! Serena’s Look: La Cerise Sur Le Chapeau Trendy Summery straw Panama Stella McCartney Wool boyfriend-fit blazer Roberto Cavalli Sequined silk mini dress Blair’s Look: Candie’s Sequin Crochet Beret Madison Marcus “Mystify” Sequined Silk Racerback Tank Tsumori Chisato Printed Silk Skirt ( on sale ) *Images courtesy of justjared.buzznet.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love it! Great finds
Wardrobe Picks August 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll
Chic Trend: Rainbow Print Dresses February 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks With fall fashion invading the blogosphere, I felt it was only necessary to focus on the now. No matter how much we drool and swoon over the upcoming pieces from our favourite designers, our only choice at stores these days is the latest from the spring shows of 09. One of the trends I’ve noticed is going to be a big hit this season is the rainbow print dress. Something about these colorful confections feels so fresh (which is what I like to feel during the summers) no? We’ve searched far and wide, more like on Net-a-Porter, to find the best rainbow print dresses out there. Check ’em out below and happy shopping! 3.1 Phillip Lim Pixel Print Dress See by Chloe Silk Mini Dress Single Beaded Maxi Dress Milly Rainbow Floral Print Kaftan Luella Bertha Frilled Dress
Celeb Weekend Style May 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Need some inspiration? Tired of the typical jeans and loose top combo? Take a look at our fave celebrity looks for this long Memorial Day weekend and put in that extra 5 minutes to look as sweet… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. rachel bilson looks gorgeous as usual and i love her earthy style:) i like rhianna’s look shame about the boots i always think that its hot enough to wear ther shortest of short shorts then its its prob too hot to wear tall boots. on the other Bilson is faultless. i saw this pic of her yesterday on the internent and thought how cool it would be to have a tank like tis for the summer made in the lightest black silk like the kind they use to make camisoles:)
20% Off?  We’re IN December 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
20% off Tees! January 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Visit shopbop.com !
Street Chic: Denim Shirts March 17, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No No No! November 19, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Ok Brandy, we know ripped/torn jeans are in now, but we think yours just took it to a whole other (bad) level.. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and edupics.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. poor brandy; she meant well, I’m sure, but those pants are hideous. :[ lol
Fiona Paxton Necklace Chic March 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find For a couple of months, we’ve been obsessing over these chain necklaces that have a unique Native American twist to them…so refreshing! Don’t you think they add an ethnic flair to an otherwise blah outfit?! We love accessories that manage to save the day ( and time frowning over a wardrobe closet ) by bumping up the style factor. You can get yourself a Fiona Paxton necklace here . Just remember, keep the rest of your accessories at a minimum or else you’ll be pulling a Drew Barrymore… *Image courtesy of singer22.com . they have the same black and white necklace in urban outfitters
Christian Louboutin to design… April 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert sneakers!!! Yes ladies, the time has come where high fashion, high heels, and high prices go down a bit to reach ground level. We’d never thought this day would come, where Mr. Louboutin himself would opt to design sneakers for the girl on the go. At least they don’t look like your typical high tops, we know he was just itching to add some purr fect prints. Here’s the first look at one of his creations via Grazia . And don’t forget to check out Gilt’s Christian Louboutin sale tomorrow!! If you don’t already have an account, sign up here . *Images courtesy of graziadaily.co.uk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Yuck….Doesnt look Good
Grammy Style Winners February 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Lisa Rinna: Lady, you stole the show in that outfit! Glorious, and glamorous! Kate Perry: So sinfully perfect, we kind of hate her for looking this good. Kim Kardashian: Now this is Kleenex Dress Chic done right! Jennifer Hudson: Jumping back after a tragic year, she had to go modest. And she couldn’t have done it any better with any other dress. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. any idea who Kim Kardashian’s dress is by? It’s a Toni Maticevski dress. I must disagree with Lisa Rinna’s ensemble. I don’t think it’s that great. If anything, I felt it was a little… tasteless. ;/ The others are much, much better, in my opinion. :]
Serena’s Dress from The Grandfather II November 3, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic While last season was obviously Blair’s in terms of eye-catching fashion, this season Miss Serena van der Woodsen is back on top. In comparison to Blair’s super preppy and kinda blah outfits, Serena doesn’t cease to wow us with her amazing fashion episode after episode. It could be that the working girl in her was just waiting to shine, or that this season her confidence is sky high. Whatever it is it sure is working! Another hot outfit was her gorgeous green party dress from last night’s episode. Paired with a peacock clutch and a high updo Serena really captures all the reasons why we fell in love with her on the first season. Lucky for us, this piece is available and is the Vena Cava Synthesizer Dress . Tune in next week for more GG fashion updates! xoxo, Chic Critic ( Loves it! ) *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Serena Van Der Woodsen Chic April 21, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Why it’s shimmery blazers and silky shells of course! If you are an avid Gossip Girl watcher like myself, you’ll have also noticed this ongoing trend. It seems like this combo is Serena’s latest ensemble of choice and the effect is tres fabulous. You can only imagine how happy I am that I’ve invested in a couple of really cute blazers for this season. If you weren’t quite as lucky, fret not. I searched Net-A-Porter for the chicest blazers and shells out there so you don’t have to. Ready, set, SHOP! Blazers (Clockwise from top): See by Chloe Textured Cotton Blazer Smythe Linen Boyfriend Blazer Maje Kaolin Cotton-Blend Jacket Shells (Left to Right): Thomas Wylde Valencia Ruffle Top Sonia Rykiel Silk Chiffon Tank Tory Burch Floral Chiffon Tank Top xoxo, Chic Critic *Images courtesy of cwtv.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Amazing picks.
If all else fails… January 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I thought this trend was coming to an end? Guess not. I feel it’s been overkilled. But, It’s still so cute!
Jimmy Choo for H&M November 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The first full fledged ad is out for the latest H&M collaboration, and we have to admit that it excited our inner shoe addict. Who can say no to a pair of Choo’s for reasonable prices? We sure can’t. And don’t even get me started on the leopard clutch. Just take a look below.
Artsy Fartsy August 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find I never got that phrase. I kinda think it sounds like an insult when someone uses the word “fartsy” in any way, shape or form in a sentence. Well let me try it. Ladies, and gentlemen (you never know), for those of you out there that consider yourself to be artsy fartsy , well then here’s your chance to prove it for the mere price of $1,300. The Fendi ‘Paint-Your-Own’ Baguette is basically a blank canvas that comes with a set of Ten Pantone Universe markers for you to go wild with. Personally I think the idea is great, but kind of nerve wrecking at the same time. One mistake, and you’re stuck with a $1,300 bag that you won’t want to carry. On the other hand, I think that they’re taking the whole “one of a kind” concept to a whole other level, and I love that. I’d create a plan of action, practice a couple of times, and then set my mark on the bag. What do you guys think? *Image courtesy of eluxury.com , and lifeclever.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cynthia Vincent for Target April 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert For those of you who have been lusting after the Cynthia Vincent Luella Wedges but haven’t had the funds to fulfill that dream have we go news for you! Finally, the first look at the Cynthia Vincent for Target collection is here and boy are you in luck. The collection features gladiator flats, ballet flats, and best of all GORGEOUS wedges and the prices range between $25-$30!!!! Available in Target stores starting April 18th. I can already hear the stampede… *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Do you know if they will be selling online as well? Yes they most probably will I cannot WAIT! Anyone who is a size 6.5, look out! I’m on a mission 😛 LiveLoveLA
I die when… October 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Images courtesy of endless.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. awesome! i can’t decide which ones i like best! xo http://ahautemess.blogspot.com
Chic Thought: Striking Resemblance July 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of jargol.com and timeout.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh i love Robin-the singer. I use to listen to her in high school. I know! Her songs are hot. And I’m sooo digging Kate’s style..Check her out she’s amazing, and is really making a change will ELLE editorials
My Moroccan Dinner Party June 19, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic Awhile back I decided to throw a Moroccan themed dinner party to celebrate the upcoming nuptials of one of my dear friends. When I offered to throw the party it seemed like an easy feat since my house is already decorated with a Moroccan theme. Lo and behold it was quite a job picking out flowers, table settings, and trying to stay as close to the theme is possible. Even when it came time to building my own Moroccan style low table settings (using unopened banquet tables propped onto coffee tables mind you) I was resilient on making it work using books and what not to provide the much needed balance. All the efforts came to fruition as the party was a smashing success! Even my DIY vase project made with branches, crystals, petite lanterns, and sand was a hit and got a lot of compliments from my friends. Since we know you guys like to get a glimpse of our real chic lives from time to time, I decided to share some pics. Let me know what you think! Very nice! Wow that looks really professional! Well done. That looks amazing… the DIY vases are amazing and deserve a feature on their own and I would also love a tutorial on how you did them and tips to do some vases. They are really chic and would love to venture into one of those DIY projects; my apartment is in need of new decoration but my budget is limited so those vases sound appealing. Feels like home Imane from Morocco WOW! Everything from the place settings to the DIY vases and flower arrangements are gorgeous!
Affordable Line We Love: Deepa Gurnani December 15, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic A hot headband goes a long way when it comes to freshening up your look. These headbands by Deepa Gurnani are unique and stylish but affordable at the same time. Each one runs for under $100. I am especially loving the four I picked above but the entire collection is pretty special. Check out the rest at shopbop.com and add these babies to a party dress or even with a leather jacket and skinny jeans to make a stylish statement!
Street Chic: Quilted Mini October 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic This Parisian beauty has so obviously conquered the war of hard and soft. She paired a hard-edged quilted leather mini with a soft knitted sweater for mix and match perfection. We decided to do a little research ourselves on the quilted mini, and were able to find two that ranged from opposite sides of the wallet spectrum. You could try this Balmain version, or go for a little Chadwicks . Either way, just pair it with a soft sweater like our model and out you go! *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Woah…. i like leather, i like quilted bags… but i’m going to have to think about a quilted leather skirt!!
Ask Chic: Miu Miu Lace Up Sandals January 25, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Hellen writes: “Hey gals at Chic Intuition! Your website is awesome. I always depend on it whenever I’m in fashion chaos. Anyways, I was hoping you could find me a similar and cheaper version of these Miu Miu lace up sandals which retail for $495. And like most people, $495 for a pair of shoes is a bit impossible. So please, if you gals could help me find them, I would be so grateful” Well Hellen you’re in luck, because the moment we saw these sandals, we remembered a pair of eerily similar ones we had seen online! So it was no trouble at all for us to find a cheaper alternative. And we have even better news, on our search for the pair we knew, we found a couple more similar ones on the way! So go ahead and take a look at the Jean-Michel Cazabat Tabatha Sandal or the Cocobelle Cleo-Lace Up Roman Sandal , and finally Pour La Victoire Metallic Naomi Lace Up Flat Sandal . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. even cheaper: http://www2.victoriassecret.com/commerce/onlineProductDisplay.vs?namespace=productDisplay&origin=onlineProductDisplay.jsp&event=display&prnbr=CJ-235323&page=1&cgname=OSSHUSDLVIL&rfnbr=2823 not bad!
The Rachel Zoe Project II August 24, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Chic Readers!!! Do any of you remember what today is?! Tonight the hottest stylist in Hollywood is back, and this season, the fabulous fashion and high drama is even bigger! Season 2 jumps right in with Rachel, her trusty assistants Brad and Taylor, and a new addition to the team, Jordan as they prepare for the Golden Globes. Will they be able to pull off the perfect look for nominee Anne Hathaway? And what happens when the dress that Rachel picks for Eva Mendes goes missing? Check out the preview Bravo sent us below:
No No No! January 26, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Jess Simpson, please stop it with the mom jeans!!! They don’t do ANYONE any favors. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What is wrong with how Jessica is dressed? She is showing that she is a mature Woman, not a teeny bopper. Men need to get a life if the find that she is not sexy, And women need to do the rest of our gender a favor and get real. Jessica Simpson can not sing – she is no competition for Britney which is probably why she is trying to turn Country. But she is a very attractive woman. I am sick of the same ole same ole stereotying of women. Jane Russell – was the sex symbol of her day, Marilyn Monroe also… Why do we have to degrade a woman if she does not look like a siz 1. Your dress / style rocks Jessica Simpson. But she really should consider a different career because she can not sing. Oh god; I used to love her & now she makes me frustrated! Sigh. what the eff is she doing in this picture?! Please leave that poor girl alone! I don’t know her, but I can tell she is sweet, which counts for a LOT in this mean ol’ world. And I think she looks hot in those jeans! With all respect to Tony, she can walk her precious little body right on over here to my place in those “mom” jeans anytime! And I can’t wait for high-waisted jeans to come back! They always do, and then the kiddy-girls can keep wearing their little low-cut jeans until their friends start wearing real jeans! Don’t get me wrong, I like all styles of jeans – (Except “dude” jeans on girls & women – NO-NO!! Stay FAR away from your boyfriends jeans, PLEASE!!). But I love the look, call them “Mom” jeans, or whatever. They show a woman’s real figure!! Gotta love it!! Thanks for letting me comment! Go Jess!! NOT the dummy some jealous haters say you are! (And who wants to discuss rocket science over a moonlit glass of ?? anyway)! Smiles… -Dan. (YES, Ladies, we guys DO love “Mom” Jeans!! Dig out an old pair and try them on for us! You’ll drive us wild!! Just ask…). WOW! I did not expect this post to get these comments haha exciting! lol, neither did I….but I totally agree that her fashion sense here is NOT AT ALL flattering. =/ But did you guys see the article on aol yesterday, which had a bunch of pictures from the same Jessica performance? This posting did pic the least-flattering pic of the lot. I will agree those are not the greatest jeans, but they actually did flatter from some different angles… I will try and find a link to it and post it here, if anyone is interested. I will confess, that (like many guys), I like buns, and JS does look good from behind in tight jeans… (I could really take a step lower in some people’s eyes, and say “Show me a woman who DOESN’T look good from behind in tight jeans!”). But as I said, I am helplessly male… Sorry! At least I let you in on something that surprisingly few girls even know, so you can now use it to your advantage! Lol, we guys ARE suckers if you play us right. Shhhhh… -Dan. Okay, here is the URL for the article that has hundreds of pictures. It is on PopEater. And surprisingly, AOL’s poll had over 140,000 hits, and 56% of the voters thhought she looked either Great or OK. 44% thought otherwise… Be intersting to know how the votes went according to gender of the voter. http://www.popeater.com/music/article/jessica-simpson-fuller-figure/317785 Smiles, -Dan. PS: Great! How did I get sucked into being a regular here? Lol, Chic Intuition is a great thing, (Both the website and the real thing!). But if you don’t mind an occasional Dude-Intuition, I will be glad to share my thoughts once in a while. Thanks for having me in! -dm. Who knew 2 small sentences would cause such a riot! First off Deb: we didn’t address Jessica’s weight here. Actually, I think she looks better with a few extra pounds. We were merely pointing out that high-waisted wide legged mom jeans do not flatter ANY figure. Apricot Tea: Unfortunately we agree with you. We love her shoe line, but her choice of apparel these days boggles us sometimes. Kristina: I think she’s dancing?! Dee and alldoneup : Neither did we!! And last but certainly not the bit least, DAN: Wow, talk about passion. We love getting a male perspective on fashion issues, and we love that you’re standing up for Jess. On the other hand, we have to still stand by our point. Also, it’s kind of funny that the article you linked to agreed with us that mom jeans are not her best look. And we’d love it for you to be a regular here, Dude Intuition is always welcome! Thanks for the compliments
Gorjana for Shop Bop July 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks After recieving a gift pkg from Gorjana Jewelry full of goodies over three months ago, Chic Freak and I still can’t stop wearing the amazing pieces! The thing about Gorjana jewelry is that it’s understated in the sense that you always feel like you can pile on her pieces without looking too overdone or like you’re trying too hard… Of course we were so excited when we found out about the exclusive line she’s designed for Shop Bop! Especially since the pieces are very reasonably priced helping with the idea that the more the merrier when it comes to Gorjana’s pieces. Check out our faves and maybe choose a few of your own: 1. Gorjana Halo Bracelet 2. Gorjana Cress Teardrop Necklace 3. Gorjana Turquoise Rory Earrings 4. Gorjana Essex Wrap Necklace 5. Gorjana Bali Open Circle Ring *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love the line for shopbop! I already bought a great necklace last week! I was just on HauteLook.com and they’re advertising a Gorjana sale for tomorrow (july 29)…their sales are usually up to 75% off…I can’t wait! I hope I can find some great pieces for low prices!
Street Chic: Shoe Edition November 29, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. these shoes are totally fab-glamorously flossy and glossy
The dress… December 27, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
CFDA New Members’ Party October 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Yesterday, 31 of the ‘it’ designer crowd pranced their way to Manhattan’s Four Seasons Restaurant and enjoyed their membership for the first time. The Olsens, Alexander Wang, Albertus Swanepoel, and Tracy Reese were just a few of the fashiona bles who showed up. Hottest trends we spotted on the designers? Black on black ensembles, leopard accessories, and disheveled looks. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Funny Fashion June 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find How hilarious is this Rodebjer Higgins t-shirt ? Don’t get it? Wait for it….wait for it ….yes!! Hehe. *Image courtesy of lagarconne.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. lol! LUVS IT!!
Looky What I Found! August 1, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic I’ve been looking for you for a while. Even though there are a million Rogers out there, you’re the chosen one . You had more screen time than most of the main characters of the movie. You caused a frenzy in the fashion world, everyone wanted to know where you came from. And then we found out. You’re one of a kind (not shocked) and you rock. Well Roger (pronounced ro-jayr by Miss Sarah Jessica Parker), we’ve found your match . And for one gazillionth of the price. Enjoy! *Images courtesy of asos.com , fabsukar.co.uk , shopblessed.com , teamsugar.com and catwalkqueen.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. are you serious? You can find this at any place where punk rockers shop, and always have been able to find a belt like this! DUH.
H&M Fall 2010 Women’s Lookbook June 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Even though we’ve only just started sifting through our Summer wardrobes, leave it to H&M to allow our Fall wardrobe cravings to creep back up on us. A “ nod to the 80s with elegant tailoring, soft volume and classic tweeds and silks, along with the brown and beige color palette ,” this collection is such a fresh take on an otherwise dull winter. We’re loving the colors and patterns, and the looks are even influencing our summer wardrobe. Great job Hennes & Mauritz! *Images courtesy of fashionbitsandbobs.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gorjana Jewelry January 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Obsessions Yesterday one of us Chics participated in a charity fashion event for a children’s organization. We basically collected donations of clothing, jewelry, and home accessories and sold them with all proceeds going to our chosen cause. Even though I was in charge of one of the booths, I made sure to do a lot of shopping myself and for the first time I don’t think my husband minded at all! Anyways, back on topic, I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank Gorjana Jewelry for participating in this event by sending us some of their beautiful pieces as a donation. Funny enough, I ended up buying a piece or two for myself (trust me, they were hard to part with). Even if it wasn’t for charity, I would still have bought some pieces since the new collection is absolutely lovely. Check out some of my faves below
1 Necklace 2 Ways September 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Buy it here Outfit 1: Splendid Cotton Jersey T-shirt $46 MiH Jeans Paris Cropped Jeans $215 Outfit 2: T-Bags Asymmetric Jersey Dress $240 Bright, joyful and colored! I’ll make this part of my weekly linkage!
Cheap Chic a la Marc by MJ August 31, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic Peeking at the latest runway show by Mr. Jacobs, I couldn’t help but notice the amount of flannel used. Whether it was on the male or female models, this ode to the 80s was an obvious inspirational fabric to his less pricey (but still not cheap) Marc by Marc Jacobs line. After skimming through a third of the images, flashbacks of my GAP fall collection post started flying by, and I remembered spotting an eerily similar dress that could pass as an MJ piece. For only $58, a fraction of the designer duds, we say steal away! *Images courtesy of style.com and gap.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
5 Key Pieces from Revolve July 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Us Editors here at Chic Intuition always aim at making shopping easier for our readers. We love scouring the stores and online shops to give you the best of the best. So today we thought we’d give you our fave picks from one of our sponsors, Revolve Clothing. We guarantee that they will take you from summer into the fall, versatile as they are. Kenneth Jay Lane Satin Ring in Gold $35 Tolani Reptile Flair Scarf in Black $79 J Brand 12″ Torn in Jett $187 Rachel Pally Eastside Jumpsuit in Black $220 Foley + Corinna Classic Mid City Tote in Poppy Red $444 Get them all here here. *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Fiona Paxton for Less July 23, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic A number of readers have been asking for a cheaper version of the Fiona Paxton necklace. Though I personally own the original necklace ( so worth the full price btw ), we know that a couple readers out there won’t or can’t put down that much cash for jewelry. Now, no one can deny the hotness factor of this necklace, proven further more by the oodles of emails we’ve been receiving about finding a much cheaper version of it. So we’ve been hunting down a perfect Cheap Chic version, and we’ve finally found one ! Take a look, and tell us what you think. Just obviously don’t expect it to be as high a quality as the original ( which I still think is worth the investment…why do I feel like I’m cheating on my Paxton necklace!? ). *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mary Kate Olsen: Behind the Cover August 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic
Take an EXTRA 20% OFF Sale!! August 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit. *Image courtesy of singer22.com
Lela Rose Fall 2010 February 23, 2010 | Tags: Chic Video , Fashion Week Chic Lela Rose ’s Fall 2010 fashion show was one of our most anticipated shows this season. She definitely knows how to dress a woman. We were so excited to be there, and we loved the energy of the show. The crowd was feeling the music and clothes, it was all smiles. Here’s a look at the show’s finale. Theme of the night? The graphite drawings of nighttime skies by Vija Celmins’ Hubble Telescope images of lunar floors, and the shattered landscape of the Galapagos islands. Talk about getting back to nature… Love the video! I love the final gown! Fabulous video So fab!
Adam’s Collection for MANGO March 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Previously one-half of the designer duo Adam + Eve, Adam Lippes has made quite a name for himself with his ADAM collection of truly amazing basics. His cardis, tops, and pants are the perfect addition to any fashionista’s wardrobe. Well MANGO has now made it even easier for us all to snag a piece by Adam by getting him to design a limited edition collection exclusively for them. Below are some of my personal favourites and with the price tags ranging from $50 to $260, I’m sure many of you will be equally hooked. Wait I think I hear something… Never mind, it’s just the sound of credit cards jumping out of wallets!!! *Images courtesy of fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Eyes by Gucci Westman December 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find From seriously lined lids to just-rolled-out-of-bed chic to nude-but-done bronze shadow, three sensational new ways with eyes. ABIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Rachel Roy for Macy’s April 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Wow, you know the recession is hitting when almost every large designer label collaborates with a mass marketor to create an affordable line. The latest designer to do so? Rachel Roy. She will be designing a diffusion brand exclusive to Macy’s which includes affordable contemporary sportswear, footwear and accessories. The lower-priced line is dubbed Rachel Rachel Roy and is slated to debut in August 2009 . The line will retail from $59 to $299 for sportswear, $79 to $199 for footwear, $40 to $195 for jewelry and $69 to $109 for handbags. Check out a preview of the items below. Seems like Rachel is taking a totally different take with this line, we are just in awe of the jewelry and studded handbags. Founder and artistic director, Rachel Roy, said, “Accessible fashion has always been a passion of mine. Every woman should have the opportunity to express herself through style. Being able to design a contemporary product line that truly reflects a sense of individuality is a great honor. Macy’s has been an embracing partner in helping us launch this redefinition of a new lifestyle collection.” via WWD *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i want a similar style fur. where can i find one? Zara had a TON of options a couple of months back..or you can look on Net-a-Porter. But unfortunately it’s going to be a bit hard to find one now since stores are stocked with summer collections now
The top… March 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Celeb Chic: Floppy Hats August 24, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic 70s chic is all the rage this season and along with it comes the ultimate accessory- a floppy hat. Celebs everywhere have been spotted donning this trend and we must say it definitely adds a touch of class to their looks. We Chics are even planning to debut one or two of these hats come fashion week. Check out our personal faves below… 1. David & Young Floppy Straw Hat 2. Helen Kaminski ‘Peigi’ Velour Felt Floppy Hat 3. Eugenia Kim Catherine Hat with Pheasant Feather Trim *Images courtesy of fashionmunster.com , pearlsandpolish.blogspot.com , accidentalsexiness.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rachel Zoe Finale October 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review The time has come. Such a bittersweet moment. I might cry *sniff sniff*. Seems like just yesterday when we were pleasantly surprised by a small Bravo reality show called ‘The Rachel Zoe Project’. Our love for Rachel grew, we got some insight into the hectic life she lives, and kind of understood her. Her assistants are just divine, and have a major role luring in the viewers week to week. So we bid adieu to one of our fave tv pleasures. Take a sneek peak at the last episode (airing this Tuesday and 9/10c): “Oscar week is the busiest time of year for Rachel Zoe, and all emotions are running high. Taylor finally breaks and gives Rachel an ultimatum. She gets a third assistant to do Brad’s job so Brad can continue to be Rachel’s gal pal.” ahhh man i was gettin kinda obsessed…
Sale On! February 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com .
Ask Chic: Boyfriend Blazer for Under $100 February 6, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Debbie writes: “ I’ve just come across this website from the UK and I’ve fallen in love! It will be a great distraction from work tomorrrow when im bored I was wondering where i could find a suit/boyfriend blazer jacket for under 100 dollars! I would love if it was available to buy over the net as I’m from the UK! I’m also very petite so would need a really small fitting one around the arms especially!! Hope to hear back from you soon! “ Hey Debbie! We love it when we find out that we have international fans! Especially from somewhere as stylish as the UK. We were able to fulfill your request and find a few boyfriend blazers at under $100. If you feel some are too oversized, I would actually suggest wearing them as a dress. Check out a few of our finds below. Hope this helps! Clockwise from top: I’m currently look for a blazer like that so it’s good you posted these, thanks xxx
Take a Bow November 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Nope, we don’t mean bow. We mean bow. Bow as in, “ a knot with two loops and loose ends “. Yes, we Wiki-ed it for you and aren’t ashamed. So why are we encouraging the trend? Because we’d rather you don a bow than a scrunchie ( damn you Marc J for bringing them back! We still love you though ). You have to admit, if more than 3 fashion houses show a certain trend, you know it’ll be around. Our personal recommendation to take it from Runway to Realway? Minimize the size down a couple of notches. Try this headband for starters. Just don’t go the LV way and pair it with an oversized afro. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I’ve been waiting for you in my dreams… February 16, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks This version is so much hotter than the black. The clutch screams Spring, and we can’t wait to wear it. It’ll make all our friends green with envy *wink wink*. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Inspiration: Blake Lively VOGUE Cover January 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: Roberto Cavalli Swarovski embellished clutch Elizabeth and James Lucinda dress Erickson Beamon Gold leaf cuff Roberto Cavalli Embossed buckle belt Elizabeth and James Victoria chiffon blouse *Images courtesy of vogue.com and net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. pretty… Blake looks stunning! love the post woah! No! No! No! Blake looks too old however i love the post =]
Pump, Pump, Pump It Up!!! February 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Ya that song’s gonna get stuck in my head for the rest of the day now, I can just feel it! But we couldn’t help but get excited over the newest pumps that Tobi have. The styles, shapes, colors, and heights are just mah-ve-lous . We guarantee pairing any one of these babies with a simple tee and cropped Bf jeans combo will lead to automatic chic-ism. And don’t we all know that the first steps into Spring, well they have to be taken in some hot pumps!! Belle by Sigerson Morrison Peep Toe Bootie Wedges Chie Mihara Justine Sandals Belle by Sigerson Morrison Slingback Platform Sandals Chie Mihara Borges Suede Heels *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Style Evolution: Lauren Conrad December 26, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic After watching some reruns of The Hills, I couldn’t believe how much Lauren’s style has evolved since Season 1!!! Her style went from typical SoCal beach girl drab to Hollywood girl fab. You can really tell just by looking at the promo shots from Seasons 1-4 how much she has changed. If you told me that Season 1 Lauren was designing a fashion line I would have been in utter shock… Damn! Money and fame sure does a girl good! *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Season 4’s look is the best.
Yoox- 15% OFF select items! April 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok, we couldn’t help but post this, even though we already gave you guys a sale post today. Seems like this week is going to be a pretty lucky one! Yoox is having a limited time special, with an extra 15% off selected Spring/Summer items. Sale ends on Monday, so hurry! Just click here to take a look at their selection, and once again, Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of yoox.com .
Just when we thought she couldn’t get any ‘fiercer’… March 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that is a total hot gigantic crystal-like ring… i love it..
Chic Reads of the Week December 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Winter Fashion Tips (Chic Stories) Juicy Couture Sneak Peak – 2009 Resort Collection (Couture in the City) Sparke Tuesday (Le Fashion) Outfit du Jour (My Lookbook) MJ Undresses For Graffiti New Collection In Harper’s Bazaar January 2009 (Style Frizz)
Ask Chic: GG Necklace Style November 2, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic , Gossip Girl Chic Chic Reader Florencia asks: “Hi, I have a question about those things that girls at the show wear. They are these black things that cross in their neck, usually with dress shirts, [and] have a pin in the middle. I’m dying to get these! Please help!” Those ‘things’ are cute! Basically they are silk cross neckties with small pins in the middle, that hold them onto the blouses the girls wear. Reminds us of what Girl Scouts wear. Blair is probably the character that dons them the most with her uniforms. We actually found some eerily similar ties here and here , they’re from a girl’s school uniform online shop! *Images courtesy of cwtv.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh noo!!.. those things are not cool at all! They made me use them as a part of my elementary school uniform … they got me traumatized, don’t tell me their in!! nooo! lol…you can get them in any stores that sells uniform I kind of want one…
Vintage Chanel Bags at ssense.com April 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks If you, like us, are always on the hunt for something unique and worth the investment, then you’ll be happy to know that ssense.com has the answer to your prayers. Why sift through thousands of potential knock-offs on eBay when you can get the real deal in mint condition? We gaurantee the authenticity of these Chanels, and better yet, they’re so unique in size/shape that we’re already drooling at just their images. Go on, take a closer look… CHANEL VINTAGE OVERSIZE DAY BAG CHANEL VINTAGE DIAMOND TASSLE BAG CHANEL VINTAGE BORDER QUILTED BAG CHANEL VINTAGE OVAL QUILTED BAG CHANEL VINTAGE LOGO SHOULDER BAG *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Tadashi Shoji Fall 2010 February 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review , Fashion Week Chic , Real Life Chic It’s all in the details. Today we attended the Tadashi Shoji Fall 2010 show, and let us just tell you it was beyond gorgeous. Watching the dresses walk down the runway felt like a surreal experience that Tadashi took us all on. Just look at the image we took above, even it came out dreamy. Based on his past months of traveling, the designer was greatly inspired by aerial views- the patterns, shapes, textures, and colors taken from above. To get a closer look… *Images and graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Omg gorgeous! I love your finds! WOW. Love this. The details /are/ amazing.
Emmy Style Winners September 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Mariska Hargitay- She looks like a pocketful of sunshine. Love, love, love! Heidi Klum- She actually manages to outshine the golden statue. Eva Longoria- I love this dress! The big bow, the length, everything! Olivia Wilde- Absolutely stunning. (Fun fact: I actually spotted her and her husband having lunch on Beverly Drive two weeks ago and let’s just say she’s as gorgeous in real life as she is on camera.) *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Did you see Heidi in Christian’s dress? That’s one of the ones I liked 😀 I love Eva’s dress!! So hot! The look of Mariska is fantastic. She really seemed a ray of sunlight illuminating the Emmy 2008. Mariska is a wonderful skin and was spotless. I do not like the dress of Eva, it seems too short
Louboutin Studded Flats for Less June 13, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic We all drooled over Christian Louboutin’s ‘Kiss’ studded flats, but a lot of us couldn’t afford to put down the $800. Well, we’re happy to announce finding a much similar pair for much less . Take a look at these Candela Women’s Punk Ballerina Flats that retail for $264. Bonus? They come in white as well! Happy Shopping! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: New York February 15, 2010 | Tags: Fashion Week Chic , Street Chic *Image and graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the look on the left. Who makes those pants???
Model.Live September 23, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review Yes, it’s a new “ we’re not a reality show ” reality show, and it’s actually affiliated with VOGUE, one of the most prestigious fashion magazines out there. I don’t know, but does anyone else think that they are stooping too low by adhering to the public’s hunger for reality tv? I cringed when I heard that they would be releasing a 14 episode online series… following the lives of models. Cringe further . My fave quote? “ …but I was also like, you know, I’ll go to 4 years of university but, you know I’m like what am I gonna do with my degree? “. I don’t know, maybe have something to fall upon if this whole “reality show” thing doesn’t work? These girls already have representation, so it’s basically a documentary of their introduction into the fashion week world. I found it kind of blah boring. Why not make a documentary on girls struggling to get a deal while balancing numerous jobs to support themselves in major cities? Now that’s reality tv. Check out the first episode below and decide whether you like it or not. wow, you are right- it is very boring. I stopped watching after 4 minutes… snore “..what am i goin do with my degree?” rings stupidity
Chic Reads of the Week February 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Tips for Wearing Hot Spring Shoes (Chic Stories) Celebrity News: “Who Can Blame Joe Jonas For Dating Camilla Belle?” (Couture in the City) How I Long for Summer Brights (Le Fashion) Reader Request- How to add pizazz to allover black? (My Lookbook) Recession Haute Couture: Evian By Jean Paul Gaultier (Style Frizz)
Valentino Studded leather ankle boots June 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find We.need. these .now! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. HOT
Attention! Attention! June 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Or click right here ! Just make sure not to miss out. I LOVE Ashley’s look. So elegant.
Rachel Roy for Macys August 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s finally here! The Rachel Roy for Macy’s line is now available and it looks oh-so-amazing. So far only a few pieces are available online but we’re sure more will eventually trickle in. The pieces are very reminiscent of the clean cut elegance of Roy’s original line but the price tag per piece is a lot less hefty! I’m especially loving the jumpsuit and the chain layered top. Like what you see??? Buy it here .
Day 1: MERCEDES-BENZ FASHION WEEK February 14, 2010 | Tags: Fashion Week Chic , Real Life Chic Hellooooo Chic Readers! Ok so it’s not actually day 1 of the fashion week, but we missed the first two because of that crazy blizzard. So basically this is our first day. I’m blogging from the comfort of my tiny desk here at my hotel a few blocks away from the tents at Bryant Park with a huge case of sore feet. We thought we’d share our experience with you guys, in hopes that you feel that you attended as well. After all, it’s because of our readers that we have this great opportunity. *Photos and graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition, LLC. Wow…Looks like a great Day. Danny Robert is BRILLIANT… So cool you got to meet him! Sarah! You look soo cute! Detailed closeups sil vous plais!:D OMG lookin so fab girls! Werrrk it :* Eagerly anticipating updates about your second day!!!! amaaaazing! love you girls!
Alexander Wang Leopard Diego Bag May 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find So yesterday I asked you fine readers a question on twitter : ‘Define a Shop-a-holic’. The reason I asked was actually quite selfish. I’m thinking that I’M a suffering Shop-a-holic. “ Why? ” might you ask? Well, simply put it hasn’t been 2 weeks since I purchased my gray Rocco , and now I’m lusting over this leopard beauty. I blame Chris . Her pics were too lustworthy. Help. Me. If you’ve been hit by Wang fever, than you can purchase it here if you’re in the States and here internationally for about $950. *Image courtesy of christeric.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. can i get it? 😛 umm…NO! i have dibs fee!
Inspired by Beyonce’s In Style Cover Shoot October 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from top: *Images courtesy of omg.yahoo.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Inspiration: Khaki and Rose April 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No No No! March 21, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Looks like someone’s trying to bring ‘Homeless Chic’ back, and we’re not liking it this time around… *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Yeah, not her best look. she’s even got the hunched back look down pat 😛
Balmain Handbags October 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Starting today, Net-A-Porter is selling something amazing. Something we all never thought we’d get to buy……. Balmain handbags!!! Honestly, I am LOVING these bags and am surprised at the price point. I know, I know, they’re pretty pricey but considering what Balmain clothing usually goes for, they seem reasonable in comparison. My ultimate fave is the quilted black one- so luxe! Balmain, you just keep getting better. Clockwise from top left: Balmain has been insanely creative lately!!!i’m fond of most of his latest designs:)
Shopbop Steals August 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Real Life Chic December 22, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic BCBG Top, Burberry Pants, Chloe Bag, YSL Ring, F21 Cuffs, Gucci Babuska Boots, Antique Snake Bangle Being that we are always telling you guys what to wear and how to wear it, I found it only fair to give you a glimpse of what we wear form time to time. I bought this outfit (that I consider to be uber hot) shortly after thanksgiving and wore it a week or two ago. One of the things that I find really interesting is that by pairing high-end and low-end pieces together, you really do fool people into thinking that your $15 cuffs are by some hot designer. Check it out and tell me what you guys think. Hot? OR Not? Sooo HOT 😉 Wow. Amazing! I cannot believe you were able to get a hold of those Gucci boots! Tres Chic 😉
Sale Time! June 6, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert The Spring Summer Collections 2011 are now on SALE at Luisaviaroma up to 50% off in USA, Canada and Australia! Just click on the banner above to check it out.
Refinery29’s Step-by-Step Guide to Being Shot by the Sartorialist July 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Since it’s honestly on my ‘ Must Do Before I Die ‘ list, I thought I’d share Refinery29 ‘s hilarious guide to getting your photo put on the Sartorialist’s blog . Loves it! *Image courtesy of refinery29.com . This is hilarious! 😀 I love it -kARA dreaminfashion.blogspot.com
Studs Studs Studs October 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks As Chic Freak is vacationing in the UK, I’m still back in sunny California jealous of her ability to go to Topshop! So today I decided to head to the mall with a few friends to try and get my fashion fix. Lo and behold I stumbled on these beauties and honestly I was flabbergasted! Not only do they look amazingly edgy, they are extremely comfortable and easy to walk in and affordable at a little over $100! Daymn! I even convinced them to give me a 25% discount!!! Oh the power of a desperate fashionista’s persuasion… Anyways I’m in love and came home on a shopping high and I highly recommend that you ALL go for a pair of your own. Buy them here . *SWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON* I WANTTTTTTTTTTT! NOW!
Sale Away August 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Get 20% off your Gap Women’s, Men’s and Maternity purchases. Enter GAPFORYOU at checkout. Ends 8/7/10.
One Dress, 3 Ways November 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love Dakota’s necklace – it adds pizazz to the dress! I think it would be perfect if you add the heels that Abbey Lee Kershaw has on. cute dress i agree, dakota’s necklace is super cute and unexpected
New at Net-A-Porter! July 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left:
Ann Demeulemeester Cheap October 29, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic The lace up Anne Demeulemeester boots have been a fashion phenomenon ever since they’ve been introduced! Every blogger and fashionista out there has either purchased or strongly craved a pair of these booties. Well crave no more fellow fashionistas! Now you don’t have to spend over $1000 to get the Demeulemeester look. Jeffrey Campbell (our current favourite brand) has introduced the Rilla Lo Lace Up Boots for $274!!! Ready, set, SHOP! *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rachel Zoe to Launch Her Own Clothing Line! March 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of elleuk.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love her hair, all her hairstyles look effortless and so trendy! I’m excited… she has a great taste for clothes and i think she will do a good job I don’t know about that. Another celeb with a clothing line, is all I see here. Let us all see her prices. Good luck to her though. oo i cant wait! does anyone know when season two of the the Rachel Zoe Project is airing?
Draped Jacket Chic February 8, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Picks Splurge here and Steal here . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Olivia Palermo… November 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Her outfits are amazing!!!!!
The sequin jacket… November 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE the sequin jackets! Victoria’s Secret has a fabulous one and for only $159.00!
10% Off TODAY Only! April 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com
Chic Coincidence? July 17, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Hmmm… I think it’s pretty obvious that Rachel Bilson is a fan of Chic Intuition! Why you may ask? Because she’s wearing the Phillip Lim top that we posted about yesterday, TODAY. It’s pretty clear she was looking for a good bargain under $200 and as soon as she saw our choices , fell in love with this top and had her stylist bring it to her asap! She also couldn’t wait to show off her new buy and wore it immediately. Do you think she’s trying to tell us that she’s reading our blog? Anyways, not to sound too desperate, we’re just kidding of course! But what more proof do you need that it’s a hot piece than when a stylish celeb like Rachel takes it out for a spin? It also helps that it’s highly affordable at $175 and for Phillip Lim that ain’t half bad! If you still haven’t, get yours here . *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celebs Heart Blackberries January 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s the trend that never ends…mobile phones. Mobiles are actually considered accessories to most outfits, and some people actually go the next step and personalize theirs with studs, covers, and tassels. And since we here at Chic Intuition are constantly discussing what’s hot and what’s not, we had to include something for you tech ies out there. Celebrities have been loving Blackberries since they first popped up, and it looks like this fashionable phone isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. Are you a BB person? *Images courtesy of geeksugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. anyone who has ever used an iphone will tell you that bb’s are totally useless. i had one about 3 years ago but i could never, ever go back to it!
No No No! August 5, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic I think it’s safe to assume that she can afford pants. So then why Gwyneth? And if you guys tell us it’s because “she has the legs for it”, then…. we might actually agree with you there. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Even if she had jeans, the tshirt look pretty cheap.. hahaha and she actually had on white shorts but they are extra short!!! heres a link to see http://bp1.blogger.com/_D9ZYvNoEW2Q/SJdmDQ0rMRI/AAAAAAAAGVU/zbBXfjWYzpo/s1600-h/gwyneth-paltrow-baby-buggy-summer-07.jpg i understand that short shorts are in, but come on..can we at least see them a bit?! hmm.. she still had some shorts on. mini-micro shorts. But she did had’em on…You can see here (same source as your photos)
Ashley Olsen Necklace Chic November 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Blu Bijoux Layered Charm Necklace Odette Rose Gold Fox Claw Necklace , Odette Yellow Gold Fox Claw Necklace Lisa Stewart Gold Swirl Pendant Necklace Janna Conner Designs Gold Shark’s Tooth Necklace *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week March 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Lindsay Lohan Dresses up as Madonna, Converts to Judaism (Couture in the City) Celebrities Spring 2009 Street Style (Chic Stories) Balmain Fall 2009 (Le Fashion) Reader Request! What to Wear to Grad?! (My Lookbook)\ Lourdes Is A SJP Fan! (Style Frizz)
Kim Kardashian & Justin Bieber Elle Feature August 24, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Is it just us, or is this coupling a bit too….akward, weird, borderline pedophil ish ?? Why would Elle want to feature sexy bombshell Kim K with tween heartthrob Bieber? We just don’t get it. The video kind of made us cringe. We love them both just not together . This is taking cougars to a whole other level… kim u know ur lyin. This is wrong. On so many levels. its true. its SO awkward. is it just me or did justin just got hotter being paired with kim. Ugh that is an uncomfortable pairing!! Awk. but LOVE KIM! Don’t care!!!
Cheap Chic: YSL Tribute Two Boots October 7, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Us Chics really believe that the YSL Tribute Two Booties were one of the hottest shoes of the last winter season. The croc version especially were absolutely droolworthy! Well you can imagine my surprise when I did my weekly online scope out of some of my favorite brands and found these amazingly similar versions at Bebe! I was over the moon and couldn’t wait to share my amazing find with you guys. YSL inspired booties, in croc, and selling for only $ 189 ??? Gotta love a great bargain! Ofcourse the YSLs are better, but the Bebes are good too. Thanks!
Midsummer Night’s Dream July 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Ssense.com has gotten a great response from their midsummer sale that they’ve decided to not only extend the sale until July 26th, but increase the discounts, which now range from 20% up to %40!!! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexander Girard for Urban Outfitters June 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Being the interior design lover, I’ve marked this day on my calendar since about a month ago. Alexander Girard is one of the most influential colorists, pattern makers and exhibit designers of the 20th century ( can you tell I’m a huge fan!? ). So you can imagine how excited I was to find out that they had created a capsule collection for the uber cool Urban Outfitters which came out today! Take a look at the collection here . My fave? The ‘LOVE’ pillow.. swoon . *Images courtesy of urbanoutfitters.com.
Socialite Chic December 26, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic It’s not everyday that you get to see two socialites looking oh so hot while out on the town. Miss Margherita Missoni (Yes! The Missoni people!) looks so effortlessly ‘geek’ chic while out and about during the day. On the other end of the spectrum Miss Olivia Palermo (recently of The City) manages to look oh so fab at an event in NY. Work it girls! *Images courtesy of elle.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. WOW! Party perfect .. is a perfection!
Leanne Marshall for Bluefly July 2, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Anyone remember the geeky fun contestant on Project Runway? The girl in the glasses, Leanne Marshall, went on to win Season 5 of the show, fair and square. We were always rooting this underdog, and now we finally get to see images of her line. The range include dresses, jackets, skirts, pants and tops made of eco-friendly fabrics except for the gown. The collection is slated to release next Wednesday, July 8th at Bluefly.com . The verdict? cute. Nothing really wow ed us. Hope the rest of the collection stirs our fashion flurry. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I LOve the first photo. I love that color( BLUE (in that dress)) love this site!!!!
Spring Lips March 1, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Since the latest trend for Spring is to don nude colors from head to toe, what better way to compliment your clothing than to have a coral pout? Take a look at the colors we’ve chosen, and remember, keep eye makeup to a minimum. Happy Makeup -ing ! Guerlain ‘KissKiss’ Lipstick No 541 Peche Fougeuse Estée Lauder ‘Pure Color’ Gloss Stick in Orange Poppy Laura Mercier Lip Colour – Creme in Tangerine *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I agree… Love the colors!
Chic Guessing July 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess which is the $33 version and which is the $150 ? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. OMG.. I will totally buy the forever 21’s hi, andar here, i just read your post. i like very much. agree to you, sir.
No No No! December 28, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic The human raisin…. *Image courtesy of gossipgirls.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. oh that’s wrong on so many levels Thanks for mentally scarring me for life. Yeesk!
Bottega Veneta Spring 2010 July 13, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Pale skin and dark pink lips. The perfect transitional face from Spring to Fall. We recommend trying Dior ‘Serum de Rouge’ Lip Treatment in Plum Serum . *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. do you know where dior make-up is available in kuwait and if that shade is available?
Note to Self January 16, 2011 | Tags: Makeup Chic *Image courtesy of glitterobsession.tumblr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Carry-On of All Carry-Ons January 14, 2010 | Tags: Uncategorized Givenchy Pre-Fall 2010. I’m waiting for you. *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Hey! I go to law school with Noor and she asked me if I read your blog, and I told her only every freakin day!!! It is so cool that you guys are best friends! I am a daily follower of your blog and love everything about it. It would be awesome to get together sometime with you and Noor for some shopping!! OMG!!! What a WEIRD coincidence! Yes definitely! I would love to get together for some shopping What a small world! Oh my goodness, i adore this bag. Dare i ask how much it will cost? I’ve just started a new blog and would love you to take a look. Thanks. Carly http://www.dressedupdown.blogspot.com As Mrs. Zoe would say. I DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously, you guys couldn’t have said it better, the carry on of ALL carry on’s 😀
We Heart Delia*s June 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Off-the shoulder sweatshirt. Black is cotton; grey is cotton-poly. Black, grey. XS-XL. 26″ long. Alexander Wang, eat your heart out. *Images courtesy of style.com and delias.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. This is so adorable – and it is on sale for $19.99 now! Can’t beat that. Two of us here at Shop It To Me just bought it! Thanks for the heads up! -Laura
Badgley Mischka Fall 09 February 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Fall Trend: Lace Tights October 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks One of the biggest runway trends for Fall ( ah so soon! ) that we couldn’t resist was black lace tights. The impeccable Karl Lagerfield presented them at Chanel amongst a sea of black and navy clothing. What we love about tights is the fact that they add dimension to an outfit, and the best part is that they probably cost you the least. Take a look at the lace tights we chose above, worthy of complimenting any winter wardrobe. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of style.com and freepeople.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. lace lace lace! all Fall/Winter long! loove. wonderfullllll
Paul & Joe’s Alice in Wonderland Beauty Collection January 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Thanks to nitrolicious.com , as usual, we just heard about the ethereal Paul & Joe Alice in Wonderland beauty collection. It consists of limited edition tins containing blotting paper with a mirror for shine control and refills and a lip treatment in either ‘Fantasy’ (pink) or ‘Daydream’ (sheer orange). The collection launches at asos.com on February 25th and at Harrods on March 6th and will cost £25. Can’t wait! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The top… November 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Where are the shredded jeans from, ive been looking high and low for a nice pair of shredded jeans! xo They are the Current/Elliot Shredded Skinny Jeans. Hot huh? Amazing!! Thanks. xo
It Don’t Matter if You’re Black or White July 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Images courtesy of endless.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I wouldn’t mind either
A Fashion Equation… May 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. where can i find the stella mccartney boots? those are hot.
Net-a-Porter USA Sale!!! May 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The NET-A-PORTER.COM end of season sale begins today at 7am EST on its U.S site, with up to 50% off the most covetable designers including Chloé, Matthew Williamson, Fendi, Halston, Miu Miu, Christian Louboutin and many more. I t’s for a limited time only so act fast to avoid missing out! *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com.
Taylor + CRASH Inspiration October 13, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from the top: great post!
Ask Chic: Zoe’s Ring in Yes Man April 25, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Kacia writes, “I was wondering if you’d be able to recognize the ring that Zoey Deschanel wears in the movie Yes Man. It’s only shown a couple times and I couldn’t get an extremely good look at it. I Googled to see if I’d be able to find anything online, but to no avail! It looks vintage-y, and looks like it’s onyx, both of which I LOVE. If you could find it I’d be forever grateful!” Ok so let’s be honest: we could not get a good look at the ring! You’ve really hit us with a toughie Kacia! But we love challenges, so we found the only image of Zoey donning the ring, zoomed it in to pixallated oblivion and tried our best to figure out how it looked (we havn’t seen the movie). We found this vintage inspired onyx ring by CC Skye . Pretty similar, no? Hope you like it and Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of wb.com and my-wardrobe.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Joseph Altuzarra & Vanessa Traina July 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Video
Versace for H&M June 21, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert On the heels of the Lanvin for H&M collection, we present the Versace for H&M collection! Although Donatella has spoken publicly about her reasons not to do a diffusion line in the past, it seems that she’s finally come around… The collection will feature pieces with special touches that embody the iconic label’s design aesthetic and will be available November 19, 2011. Donatella was so excited about the pieces that she actually wore the leather studded dress when presenting the real Versace collection in Milan. Can’t wait to see what else they have in store and if the shoes the models are donning are included, I will definitely be lined up from the week before! *Images courtesy of huffingtonpost.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Kate Moss Chic May 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing this picture of Kate Moss out and about a few months ago I couldn’t help but think one thing: “I love her tunic!” If I had to take a guess back then I definitely would have said Gucci. However, I was happy to discover that it was a Kate Moss for Topshop piece. Why? Ummm… because I can actually afford it! If you are just as enamored, click here . Also, make sure to check out the rest of the Kate Moss for Topshop High Summer Collection because it’s quite fab. *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
A Lesson in Street Chic October 22, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Fall 2012 Trend Report October 7, 2012 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Forbidden Love July 24, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic Have you ever had the feeling that you have to buy a certain item of clothing? You keep thinking about it if you walk away, and can’t rest easily until you’ve purchased it. You’ll go to any amount of stress, and create any necessary mess, just to get your hands on that piece, and actually say you own it. You dream about it. You dream about wearing it. You dream about wearing it and going out in it. The dreams are endless, until you finally buy it. It’s in your hands, you feel fulfilled. You head on home, run to your room and try it on in front of that huge mirror. You take one look at yourself and go……….. All The Time
I Heart Alex April 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Obsessions , Chic Picks Remember that game we played as kids where we used to twist the stem of an apple while reciting the alphabet? And whatever letter it breaks off on is supposedly the first letter of your soulmate’s name. I always used to get ‘A’. Now I’m guessing I know who the letter stood for: Get them here . *Images courtesy of barneys.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution Inc.
She’s Wearing Sneakers??? December 17, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic So let’s be honest, if it was any other celeb we probably would have turned the other cheek but seeing Ashley Olsen in sneakers is just too good to pass up! One part of a heel-obsessed duo, I find it very surprising to see her in her chic black ensemble and a pair of sneakers. Not only sneakers, but clunkers (sorry Ash!)! Well, you gotta hand it to her. The look on her face proves that she thinks she absolutely got it right. Elizabeth and James, The Row, Influences… With that much on your plate I guess you gotta drop the ball once or twice right? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh myy……..
Chic Review: Rosena Sammi August 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review Her designs, reminiscent of the Royal Courts of India, are a mix of traditional elements and modern aesthetics. Rosena Sammi ‘s jewelry is truly a unique, elegant approach to fine accessories. She started her career path on a rather different note, as an attorney in New York. Her passion for jewelry shone through, and she decided to pursue her dream by attending the Parsons School of Design. Apparently not only do we here at Chic Intuition admire her collections, but so do the stars. Her designs have been donned by the likes of Hillary Duff, Claire Danes, and Naomi Watts. Take a look at some necklaces from her meaningful Kismat Collection , with prices ranging from $110-$230. *Images courtesy of rosenasammi.com and 4to40.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. woooooow! iam in LOVE!
Twitteristas May 31, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized
Runway to Realway: Choker Mania October 12, 2011 | Tags: Chic Obsessions , Chic Picks One of the hottest accessories for this Fall is most definitely the choker necklace. Fashionistas everywhere are using this piece to add a little flare to their looks. Even Rachel Zoe wears a beautiful gold piece on the latest season of The Rachel Zoe Project. We searched high and low for the coolest chokers out there and chose two that we really felt would help you achieve the look. If you are on a budget, we highly recommend this Kenneth Jay Lane Thick Snake Chain Bib Necklace but if you aren’t, please please please splurge on this lovely ANNDRA NEEN Cage Choker . Tell us, are you feeling this trend? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I loved it ever since it started 2 years ago with highly embellished necklaces. I think every season we’re trying to find new statement or alternative accessories to add more personality to basic items.
Chic Giveaway July 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Alert! Alert! To thank our readers for their constant love and support we’ve arranged for a great treat. Chic Intuition has teamed up with Chick Downtown for a Current Elliot Jeans giveaway! This time we are planning on doing things a little differently. Instead of picking a winner at random, we decided to choose him/her based on their ability to style. Head over to Chick Downtown and check out the Current Elliot Jeans styles they have available, and leave a comment below with a valid email address (will not be published) explaining with images or links how you’d style your pair of choice. Examples include with a chic blazer or even with some Rachel Leigh Jewelry . Make sure to use items only from Chick Downtown. Only one winner will be chosen at the end of the giveaway. One entry per person . This contest ends Monday, July 20th at 7PM EST. U.S. residents only. Good luck! P.S. To get updates on the happenings at Chick Downtown, follow them on Facebook and Twitter . *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the boyfriend shorts in the cloud wash, and i would pair them with a white T and a short sleeved black blazer or maybe a colored one like the pink one on Miranda Kerr but short sleeved, along with a pair of white flats (i love a basic pair of keds for the summer). Then of course depending on where you are headed to at the time dress it up with jewelry or choose to stay natural( I prefer natural). I would start with the legging in black and add Kain Label grey pocket tank. Under the tank would wear Snug Camisole in white. Shoes would be the K.Jacques picon fluo bleu sandals. Jules Smith drop it bangles, House of Harlow thick stack ring in yellow gold, Rachel Leigh olivia ring, and the Alexis Bittar ribbed bubble ring. I love this idea!! Here are my pics: jeans: current/elliott the skinny in cloud wash destroyed shoes: balmain nero gladiator sandals top: kain T or tank jacket: elizabeth and james draped leather jacket or helmut lang leather bicylcle jacket accessories: several thick stack rings by house of harlow; elizabeth and james dagger necklace bag: for day – rebecca minkoff market tote in sea green; for night guiseppe zanotti shoes stud clutch Stud Clutch What a cool giveaway idea. So many combinations. Let’s see… I’d start with the Current/Elliot Pencil skirt in loved. Then I’d pair that with the BB Dakota Ivory Dolly Leopard Top and the Elizabeth and James Draped Leather Jacket for a mix of sweet and rocker. For some flare I’d wear the Balmain Nero Gladiator Sandals and the Sheila Fajl Glow Gold Circle Link Earrings. Yep, that’d be just enough. Elliot jeans http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/eaf6b53b2607b187cf24c8331d016c27.jpg Catherine Holestein cardigan http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/83947382ce0cd46a3b51c2130ef2052a.jpg LNA charcoal tee http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/2ea493f9a67fc73c470708990fe636c5.jpg Loeffler Randals flats http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/86a3fbda2e4fb606c2f3570ce6604bd1.jpg Rachel Leigh Necklace http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/766db33dc0abdf4e755d02924f82f0c9.jpg Rebecca Minkoff http://www.chickdowntown.com/images/temp/5f5a027b792e73bf5545653de753ab0a.jpg jeans: CURRENT/ELLIOTTSkinny Slouch Loved Destroyed shoes: Twelfth Street Cynthia Vincent Luella Wedge Sandals in black shirt: Fluxus Burnout Pocket Tee in White jacket: ERIN WASSON X RVCA ‘HARD NATION’ BLAZER jewelry: House of Harlow 1960 14KT Gold Sunburst Stations Pave Necklace Elizabeth and James Knuckle Ring Bag: Alexander Wang Studded Coco Duffel Such a cool idea! Here are my picks: Jeans- CURRENT/ELLIOTT The Legging in Lightweight Faded http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=143245 Top- Alice & Olivia tank dress with full skirt http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=141724 Shoes- LOEFFLER RANDALL Black Vachette Hope V http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=122094 Sunglasses- Vintage Collection Black Sunglasses http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=144896 Jewelry- Susan Hanover Black & Gold collar necklace http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=136550 CC SKYE Sienna Cuff in Gold (right hand) http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=137980 Vita Double Wrap Bracelet with Gold Studs (left hand) http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=140970 FREELOOK Black Rubber Watch with Stones (left hand) http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=136784 RACHEL LEIGH Lion Ring (pointer finger left hand) http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=84563 Bag- TRACY ZYCH Black Kane Bag (only I would replace the original strap for a longer strap so that the bag settles on the waist) http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=105285 Hope you liked my choices! =) I’d wear the Current/Elliot skinny jeans in cloud wash destroyed with these chunky, black Loeffler Randal shoes. http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=136433. Then I’d add this rocking tanktop by Lauren Moshi. http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=95990 and this Vita bracelet to match the shoes. http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=142920 And with this Kooba bag in tow, http://www.chickdowntown.com/viewproduct.asp?ID=144103, I’d be ready to go. Thanks for this opportunity! There are so many great choices! Anything Current/Eliott, Nation LTD, Elizabeth and James or Mink Pink would be wonderful…oh and BB Dakota too!
Chic Guessing September 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Picks Can you guess which one is the original $595 boot and which is the $44 ‘inspired’ version? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Style Crush: Alexa Chung September 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic So we’ve had our eye on this girl’s style for years and for some reason it never occurred to us feature her style until recently! Call us slower than the average blogger or even slackers, but things sometimes seem to take longer to register here at the Chic headquarters. Either way if you haven’t already heard of Alexa Chung or fallen in love with her amazing tomboyish yet ultra feminine fashion sense, prepare to do so right about… NOW! *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. she looks simply gorgeous in any outfits she wears!:) i love this girl’s style! alexa is really amazing =) i discovered her thanks to wishwishwish.net (carrie’s blog) because before i didn’t know alexa!!!
Bracelet Chic April 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I’m not the type of person that wakes up every morning and has the time to decide on every piece of jewelry I’m going to wear to work. Now, don’t get me wrong, I love jewelry, it’s just that I’m always running late, so decisiveness is a luxury. That’s why I decided to invest in a couple of gold+diamond bracelets that I don’t have to take off. They literally live with me, and are comfortable enough to sleep in. We’ve decided to choose a few of our personal faves from Max & Chloe for your personal disposal. Sydney Evan Diamond Evil Eye Bracelet Lika Behar Tiny Diamond Peace Bracelet Sydney Evan Diamond Hamsa Bracelet *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Bedroom of My Dreams July 19, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Maria writes: “I’m a huge fan of your blog and I love your style, that’s why I want your help. For a little while by now I have been wanting to redecorate my bedroom but haven’t decided what direction to take. I was wondering if you could give me a hand with some stylish advice and ideas of how a stylish bedroom in your opinion should look. The only thing I have decided is the colors which are hot pink and aqua so maybe you can start with that.” Ooh, I love a good decorating question! We’re always discussing how we feel fashion and design go hand in hand, so here’s our chance to prove it. The great coincidence is that I’m personally in the process of redecorating, and my two colors are quite similar to yours Maria (light turquoise and magenta). So let’s get started with a few tips: Ok Maria, for your room we thought we’d go eclectic chic. We created a color map that we followed, and chose items based on the mix we talked about above. Enjoy! UO Tribal Macrame Trim Rug $58 UO Hourglass Side Table $78 Casual Home Tab-Top Window Panel Pair – Black $16 Thru the Trees Chandelier $30 Pepperminte Bleu Print $18 Anthropologie Flea Market Find Table $298 West Elm Parsons Desk $329 Line Orchids Pillow by Masha D’yans $38 Philippe Starck Victoria Ghost Chair $330 Jonathan Adler Soldier Lamp $346.50 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. that painting is gorgeous! thank you for the cool ideas . you’re a doll !!!
Hottest Jacket Ever! April 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Yes it is!!
Cate Blanchett Chic August 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Do you ever spend a lot of time looking for something online and not finding it until after you need it? Well that happened to me today. I was going to a wedding three weeks ago and I really wanted to wear a long-sleeved maxi dress to go with a vintagey look. Well, at the time, I couldn’t find a single one that I liked and today I find one almost instantaneously while trying to recreate this hot look donned by Cate Blanchett. She was out celebrating the 50th anniversary for Vogue and damn she looked good! I tried to find a red hot dress but was unsuccessful and so I decided to go for the general chicness of her look with the T-Bags Drape Sleeve Long Dress , Michael Antonio Women’s Sawyer Platform Sandals , and the Rachel Leigh Jewelry Cleo Teardrop Collar Necklace . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She is so statuesque. I will never get over it.
Chic Inspiration of the Day April 23, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of trendycrew.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Gwen Stefani’s McQ Sweater September 30, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Callie writes: “ Hello Hello there! I absolutely love your blog, so when I stumbled on this problem I had only you to turn to. I’m desperately in love with this McQ sweater Gwen Stefani wore on the October 2009 cover of Glamour, and I’m dying for a more affordable version. I would be so appreciative of any ideas! “ Hi Callie! Thanks for the amazing compliments. The sweater is so FAB that we must applaud your choice. Our advice on this would be either to wait for the original McQ one to go on sale or you can opt for a similar look with this Pointelle Marilyn Tunic in a larger size than you usually wear to give it the same baggyness of the original. Either way, a hot pink oversized sweater is definitely a must-have for those drab winter days. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love that sweater on the cover!! It looks so soft and cozy! Gwen looks flawless (as usual). Thanks for the tip!
Emmys Style Sinners September 22, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Julia Louis Dryfus- Something about this dress is a little too hoochie mama for my taste. Lauren Conrad- One word: BLAH! The brooch makes it look so amateur and the silhouette has been exhausted beyond repair. Alyssa Milano Christina DeRosa- Nothing close to a swan princess. More like a doily mess with stripper heels! Jennifer Love- Is it me or has she been wearing some version or another of this dress for the past 10 years? Kate Walsh- Even though I love her, something about the proportions of this dress is off. *Images courtesy of justjared.com , popsugar.com , and yahoo.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. That is NOT Alyssa Milano! OMG what have they done to alyssa milano? I thought she was ricki lake!!! Haha I know! SuperC that REALLY is her!! We had took a double take ourselves to believe it…who the hell is her stylist and why the hell is she a stylist?! Actually it isn’t Alyssa Milano! LOL! It’s some woman named Christina de Rossa who looks very similar… Poor Alyssa, she got framed for a fashion crime she didn’t even commit!
No No No! February 24, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic What part of Lisa Rinna is about to explode at the Oscars? a) Her hair b) Her cheeks c) Her lips d) All of the above Plastic surgery overkill is NOT chic!!! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. These are the worst lips I’ve ever seen in my entire life! Ewww… Seriously, she’s almost unrecognizable! Her lips!!! lol
Chic Reads of the Week October 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Scotts Fashion Tips (Chic Stories) Celebrity Look of the Day (Couture in the City) Luisa Beccaria’s Sugary Goodness (iPapier) Leigh Lezark is Pretty in Pink (Le Fashion) Chanel Sequined Goat Sandal With (Functioning) Bulb Heel (Style Frizz)
Shop and Bop it! February 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Alexander Wang Resort 2010 June 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Wow, talk about a change of heart!! Alexander Wang chose to take quite a different route for his Resort collection, opting for an all American sportswear/comfort vibe. We have to say that we’re not quite sold on the collection, liking about half of it and hating on the other half. Think it kind of looks like an over-priced Topshop. What do you think? *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Give the Gift of Net-A-Porter On SALE! November 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
It’s Finally Here! July 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert The guilty pleasures of all pleasures : The Hills Season 4 trailer! Wohoo! We can’t wait for the fun, the fights, and obviously the fashion. August is only a few weeks away, so I’m thinking I might have a season premiere bash at my place. Wait, I think I’m taking this a little too far. I need to stop myself right there. Am I turning into a ……. hysterical Hills-er?
Spring 09 Shoe Trends March 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Tips Browsing through Nordstrom, we couldn’t help but gasp when we saw their list for the top 5 shoe trends of Spring. We were working on our own list, and had to admit that we matched 4/5 of their choices! Guess they made it that much easier for us, and boy did we need a break. So taking off on where they started, here are our top picks for each trend. We say, try your best to have at least one from three of the categories to work with. We can’t express how much shoes make the outfit, so Happy Shopping! Steve Madden ‘Revenu’ Pump Sam Edelman ‘Gerry’ Sandal Via Spiga ‘Nile’ Sandal Marciano ‘Reiko’ Sandal Dolce Vita ‘Ellie’ Sandal *Images courtesy of nordstrom.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
MK Olsen on Interview February 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We had to read it to believe it, but this is actually Mary Kate on the cover of Interview Mag. Seems like she’s channeling Courtney Love at the mental institute. Other than that, we can’t wait to read her interview. Take a look at the vid below, to believe it for yourself.
Something to try in 2010… January 2, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Charlize is just so gorg!
Not Your Daughter’s Jeans August 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Don’t let the name fool you. These jeans aren’t for moms or, gasp , ‘mom jeans’. They’re actually designed for the average woman, specially designed to slim the often problematic lower abdomen ( aka eliminating any muffin top ), contour the hips and lift the rear without the feeling of being stuffed in binding, tight and uncomfortable material. Sounds perfect, no? I mean, they’re actually the most sold brand of jeans at Nordstrom , so that must mean they do the job. Prices are pretty reasonable around the $100 mark, and some models are even on sale. Check em out here . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Knee Highs at Every Price August 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks If you asked me what type of shoes you should invest in for the Fall, the first thing to pop into mind would probably be knee high boots. They’re all over the winter runways, and stylistas around the globe are slowly starting to incorporate them into their wardrobes as prep. Now, what could you add to a pair of boots that would up the fierce factor? Why, studs of course! We decided to go ahead and choose our fave studded, knee high, black boots in all price ranges ( wow that was a mouthful! ). Take a look at our picks: *Images courtesy of respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Red Carpet Wowza! September 3, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Even though it’s not red carpet season, it’s hard not to comment on these ladies’ looks. One word: HOT! To be honest though, all three of these women always tend to look good. Keep it up girls and the Oscars will be a cinch! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and celebrity-gossip.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Gifts- The Clotheswhore December 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Sheri Bodell Hitchhiker Halter Dress 2. Splendid Modal Lycra Maxi Dress 3. Costume Dept for Revolve Exclusive Sequins Leggings in Silver 4. Elizabeth and James Chiffon Ruffle Waistcoat 5. Juicy Couture Silk Applique Top 6. Born Uniqorn Hollywood Trench in Late 7. Sass & Bide Dance Me To The End Tee 8. Anzevino & Florence Oversized Tee in Black For Revolve Clothing Purchases: Use code DEC333 for 33% off anything in store! Expires 12/19/08.
Lindsay Lohan Chic May 27, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love her accessories here. That’s all we need to say. That’ all we want to say. Sigh . Sonia Rykiel Stud Fringe Handbag (comes in black, turquiose and rose) $945 Balmain Flat Gladiator Sandals sale $697 *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Do you know what kind of dress she’s wearing? It’s adorable too! what about that cute dress????? so sad sigh indeed on the other hand her clothes are great she should take it easy tho, i fear her crazyness is somehow intrinsically linked to her great style i mean before she went off the rails her style was so bland she took no risks.! I love Lindsay’s style! Those accessories are amazing. By the way, I believe the dress is from French Connection (Ballet Stretch Dress).
Street Chic Rio November 14, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic All I can say is WOW! I want to be walking along the ocean wearing that exact outfit… *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. ditto!!! She is the host of “Brazil’s Next Top Model” she is brazilian….der! fernanda motta… she was born in my town…
No No No! November 25, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic We know she’s filming a music video, but we couldn’t help but laugh at these pictures of Beyonce on set. The fringe shades are high larious, and I don’t know why they remind me of those glasses with window wipers that I used to don as a kid. Now don’t even get us started on the iceberg on her head… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Winter Wonderland November 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks With winter already arriving in some parts of the world, we decided to dedicate a post to a cute array of jackets. We thought, ‘ why not make this post sweeter? ‘ so we also decided to choose jackets that were under $100. You’re welcome. We wanted to introduce our latest sponsors, Karmaloop . So get acquainted with their sick site and take a look at our picks: NYC Boutique The Maralyn Ruffled Peacoat $78 Nixon The Barracuda Wool Fitted Jacket in Black $79 BB Dakota The Colbert Blazer Women’s Light Jackets $85 BB Dakota The Lombard Jacket in Black $80 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gilt Groupe Sales of the Day August 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Don’t miss out on Marc Jacobs sale today at noon eastern time! If you aren’t already a member, you have got to join in the fun of Gilt Groupe . It’s invite only, so click here to start saving on designer duds. Happy Shopping! xo *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com .
LOVE when this happens… April 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Hanneli Mustaparta October 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic You may have heard of her already but we have just recently discovered Hanneli Mustaparta and let’s just say we are in love. Not only is she a model and an exquisite beauty, she is also the greatest multitasker in the history of fashion! She is a Norwegian MTV VJ, a street style photographer, a blogger , a makeup artist, hairstylist, and a fashion stylist. Phew! Didn’t think I’d get through that list! Anyways, we have been mesmerized by images of this girl all across fashion weeks this season and couldn’t help but notice her amazing fashion sense. What’s nice is that she dons affordable pieces by Jeffrey Campbell and Zara with the more high-end Wang ones. Check this girl out and prepare to be hooked. Just don’t tell us we didn’t warn you! *Images courtesy of elle.com , jakandjil.com , and hanneli.com
LC Travel Chic November 18, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love seeing celebs who look chic but comfy on their way to a flight, so the moment we saw Lauren Conrad’s pic, we knew we had to dedicate a post to her style. You can never go wrong with a simple jeans + tee combo (but you might want to try straight fit jeans instead of skinnies if your flight is longer than 2 hours). She added flare to the simple outfit with the Kettle Black boots we’ve mentioned a while back and cute weekender bags . *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Clutch me tight, don’t let go. August 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Sarah Paulson is Chloe Chic July 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find I love Chloe. What do I love even more than Chloe? Well the more accessible See by Chloe sister line of course! They always manage to come out with the sweetest of all dresses, especially handy for those lazy summer days. I remember eying this Floral Summer Dress for a while on Net-a-Porter . It went on sale, and then went poof , into the hands of a lucky fashionista. So you can imagine my jealousy when I spotted Miss Paulson in it today on Just Jared. Humph , I hate it when I let a good thing go by. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and mytheresa.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. that’s a picture of Sarah Paulson, not Jessica Lange. FYI This dress is especially adorable.
Street Chic Looks Gone Bad! June 4, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh, the freaking humanity!!! WTF are they wearing!? Everything is overkill!! OMG i actually wore the look on the far right for an 80s party!!
The vest… September 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Wow! Love this post! Now if only the vest wasn’t more than my rent 😛 Lol! I’m sure you can find a similar alternative at either Zara or H&M. It’s a versatile piece you should definitely have for Fall and faux is still good I’m in LOVE with this! Brilliant.
Anne Hathaway Makeup Chic January 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s no surprise seeing Miss Hathaway looking flawless, we’d even go further and say that it’s kind of annoying by now. I mean, can the woman do any wrong? We guess not. Take a look at her here, she manages to pull off the subtly stained lips and barely there blush without a hitch. We’d recommend trying this look for a sweet change from the harsh winter makeup wear. Start off by generously applying Givenchy Prism Foundation to the face and neck area. With the tip of your ring finger, slowly smoothe Benefit Cosmetics Boi-ing Concealer under and around the eye area. With the same finger, dab on the foundation over your eyelid from crease to brow line. Use a round-tip eyeliner brush to sweep Bare Escentuals bareMinerals Liner Shadow along the upper and lower lashlines. Blend. Apply Givenchy Phenomen’Eyes Mascara to upper and lower lashes. Repeat numerous times till lashes have reached required thickness. Dab on Tarte Natural Beauty Cheek Stain on to the apples of your cheeks. Finish off the look by swiping Benefit Cosmetics Benetint Lipbalm and then blotting with a tissue. Voila! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and sephora.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. flawless!
Ask Chic: Kelly Ripa’s Bracelet October 27, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Maryann writes: “I’m looking for the dainty, feminine “Evil Eye” bracelet that Kelly Ripa wears daily. Thanks so much!” We have to admit, it wasn’t hard finding the source of the bracelet, the hard part was getting a good view of it on Kelly’s hand! But don’t worry Maryann, everything is A-okay now. The bracelet is called the ‘Evil Eye’ and is by London Jewelers . It goes for $675 or $875 depending on size. Steep huh? We thought you might say so. Therefore we went ahead and found a great alternative ( also made of real diamonds ) here for less than half the price. Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of zimbio.com, purseblog.com, and londonjewelers.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The bracelet is by Aaron Basha not London Jewelers. FYI They copied our design. Where do I find the “kelly Bracelet” which is black onyx beads and sterling silver silver snake bead with ruby eyes.
Ask Chic: Serena’s Dress August 18, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader GG Forever writes: “Hi! I am a huge fan of Gossip Girl. I especially love Serena Van Der Woodsen’s fashion sense. Do you have any idea who designed this dress that she is wearing while filming in the Hamptons?” Hey GG Forever! We could have easily guessed from your nickname that you are a Gossip Girl Fan. Well guess what? We are too! The fashion on that show is to DIE for. Anyways, lucky for you we actually have an idea about the dress Serena is wearing. It’s designed by Blumarine but for some reason isn’t available online. Check out the wrap dress version here . Otherwise try Bloomingdales- they have the exact same one. Good luck *Images courtesy of nordstrom.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Obama Inaugural Items January 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks You know people are happy about the new president when designers are whipping out commemorative items for the occasion! I only hope President Obama turns out to be everything he promises. Otherwise, it’s gonna be a BIG disappointment. Normally I wouldn’t go for such cheesy items but with Obama going into office I really think these pieces could become collector’s items in the future. With this economy it’s a good time to invest, so check ’em out and choose your fave! I already did… Zac Posen! *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Obsession: Butterfly Sunglasses October 13, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Obsessions Last season it was all about the Wayfarer, the season before that it was the aviator. But our predictions for the upcoming season: butterfly shades. The shape is so unique and stylish, we’re contemplating our next purchase. Take note ladies, you will be seeing a lot of this trend come summer ’09. Check out the celebs donning the Prada Butterfly Sunglasses below and drool… *Images courtesy of justjared.com , imagebam.com and prada.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I think this style looks good on very few people. I would have to say that only on Rihanna do they look great. When other people wear them, they almost look like they are sad or crying. I totally agree! They really do look especially great on RiRi NOOOOOOOOOO .. i think the shades are soooo stylish on the three of them The shades are fabulous wish i could find like them they look like frogs …i like the sunglasses …yes on rihanna they look better ..nicole and jessica / look like frogs
Chic Alert: Hermes Sale!!! September 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok so I never thought I’d actually type the words “ Hermes ” and “ sale ” in the same sentence, at least without the words “ on eBay ” or “ at a Paris yard sale ” following them. But fellow New Yorkers, this is legit, and you’re in for a great treat! They will be providing signature bags, scarves, shoes, ties, home products, and ready-to-wear for men and women at reduced prices. The event takes place on Sept. 24-28. Wed., Fri. & Sat., 10 a.m.-6 p.m.; Thurs., 10 a.m.-8 p.m.; Sun., 1-6 p.m. at the Metropolitan Pavilion, 125 W. 18th St., b/t Sixth & Seventh Avenues., 4th floor. Thanks to nitrolicious for the heads up! Be there or be square!! *Image courtesy of hermes.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Fold ‘Em Over! September 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks BE & D Saratoga Slouch Flat Boots with Studs Theory Wiley Suede Boot in Black Giuseppe Zanotti Zipped Gaiter-Style Leather Boots Balmain Crystal Animal-Print Boots Ash Suede Eden Bell Bottom Boots
Happy Salegiving! November 27, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Happy thanksgiving everyone in the chic intuition crew!! xxx thanks sweets!! xoxo
Drew Barrymore Chic February 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Lady!!! Woah, talk about major turn around. Just when we were about to make a Not Chic post about her platinum blonde locks (why does she keep turning to the 80s for style inspiration?), we saw her latest red carpet appearance and fell in love. Talk about retro maven! Loving the makeup and hair, and the dress isn’t so bad either. Drew, we highly recommend you keep this look. The 60s are back, and better than ever! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I liked it a lot! BJS *keep it stylish*
The kaftan… May 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks All items are on sale here .
Lovisa Burfitt Chic July 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find How hot are these wall paintings? If art and fashion were to get married, this would be their offspring… Inspiring. Now excuse me, I’m going to go try and duplicate it onto my bedroom wall. Restaurant East, Stockholm H&M Milano H&M Milano *Image courtesy of lovisaburfitt.com .
Celeb Street Chic July 20, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Some hot inspiration to keep in mind when putting together your outfits this week. *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The dress… July 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Trend Alert: Sheer Maxi/Mini Skirts June 23, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic Spotted on the red carpet at the Green Lantern premiere, Blake Lively looks absolutely stunning in a Chanel mini dress with a sheer maxi overlay. Can this girl do no wrong? Although this look hides her killer legs, we still appreciate the subtle sexiness it exudes. We went on a search for our fave sheer maxi/minis out there and even found a similar one in white. Check out our picks below. 1. Preen Line Tulle Maxi Skirt 2. Wink Regina Maxi Skirt 3. ASOS Mesh and Chiffon Maxi Skirt WARNING- This look may envoke jabs such as “You forgot the rest of your skirt!” from fashion simpletons. Wear with confidence.
Mary Kate Olsen Chic December 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. MK is always so effortlessly chic! love her style
To master or not to master? July 7, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic To be honest with you I’ve been getting a lock of slack for liking the latest “it” glasses: Ray Ban Clubmasters . I even went to the level of creating a Cheap Chic post dedicated to the beauties and a much less pricey version, just to nudge the whole blogosphere into purchasing them! Chic Critic cringes at the mere idea of trying them on, and I on the other hand, whine and whimper for her to give them a chance. A few days ago I ask my brother, who lives in the States, to order them online for me, and he actually used the adjective “gross” to describe them. I can’t give my final say on the sunnies till they arrive in the mail, but based on other fashionable females, I think they look just fine. Gross? I think not. *Images courtesy of stureplan.se , thatshot.blogg.se , and fatale.se/author/natalie . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rachel Bilson Chic August 10, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks How cute does one of our fave Celeb Chic ers look? We love how she upped the trendy factor by wearing a brightly colored mini. This outfit could have taken a very wrong turn if she had worn a black or white skirt ( hellooo Office Chic). Rachel seems to love adding blazers to her outfits these days, which we have been doing ourselves. The thing about a fitted jacket is that it adds form to an otherwise loose-fitting apparel. And we all know that form is code for “thinner looking”. So go ahead, emulate her look with these hot finds: Monrow Tuxedo Jacket Lux Brushstroke Skirt Bop Basics Short Sleeve V Neck Tee LD Tuttle The Suit Open Toe Oxford Pump Botkier Morgan Fringe Tote Urban Outfitters Short Brim Fedora *Images courtey of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Taylor Jacobson’s Bracelet November 4, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic reader Sally asks: “Thank you for finding out about the sideways cross necklace that Tay-Tay wears! But do you know where she got her dangling bracelet (that she wears on her wrist next to her gold watch)??? I’ve been searching and searching for that bracelet! I believe its the same one Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, and Nicole Richie have all worn before. Please let me know if you find out!!! Thank you!” Well Sally, we tried squinting and focusing on shots of Taylor from the show (sorry there weren’t any close-ups) but we couldn’t ID it. The good news is that we found similar bracelets, like the 14K Gold-Filled Rope Bracelet by Beth Lauren. It’s 50 inches long, so it can be worn as a necklace too! The bracelet retails for $170, and you can find it here . We are also loving the Jorge Morales Fringe bracelet that you can see here . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of bravotv.com and their respective links. I absolutely adore Taylor Jacobsons style. But theres one thing in particular I cant keep my my mind off of. On one of the episodes when Rachel compares Taylor and Benjis style it shows Taylor wearing this flowy neon dress. Is there any way you can find out who its designed by or were she got it. Im obsessed with it! Thank you so so much. Nicole Richie wears a Carolina Bucci charm bracelet,the collection consists in 8 charms( if i’m not wrong, Nic’s bracelet is The Peace Charm Bracelet . You can purchase Nicole’s favourite bracelet from Astley Clarke. LOVE YOU BLOG!!!! GREETING FROM ARGENTINA!!!!
Taylor Tomasi Chic September 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Always one to stand out with her striking red hair and uberfierce accessories, Taylor Tomasi is our new style crush! If you, like us, are one to stalk street chic photography, then you know who this girl is. She was previously the style and accessories director for Teen Vogue and is currently doing the same job for Marie Claire. The job obviously has its perks since she manages to score the most unique footwear and accessories which she doesn’t fail to flaunt around town making us oh so jealous during fashion week. Check out our fave Taylor looks below and prepare to fall in love. Just don’t say we didn’t warn you! *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com , style.com , and thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Her style is exquisite! Abso love it! Also read our review: http://fashionableearth.org/blog/2009/10/11/taylor-tomasi/
A Lesson In Street Chic Contd… November 7, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. go petites! thanks for the post, lovin it!
Chic Interview: I Am Ashleigh November 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview Let’s go on a fab trip Down Under, and visit our latest interviewee, 20 year old Ashleigh. Hailing from Melbourne, this blogger has perfected ‘casual chic’. She’s even credited with coining the term ‘ Wangster ‘ (aka girls who dress in Alexander Wang type outfits). Think a t-shirt + shorts combo is bland? Well you haven’t seen anything till you’ve seen her donning them. The fact that she adds flare to any outfit is what compels us to visit her blog continuously. Take a look at what she had to say. Chic Intuition: We love how the seasons in Melbourne, Australia happen almost at opposite times than the rest of the world. So when we’re snuggling up for winter, you guys are prancing around in your summer clothes. Do you love/hate that? And does it affect your outfit choices? Ashleigh: It is a love-hate relationship. I see what everyone is wearing overseas in the Summer and I start getting inspired and excited about all the wonderful things to wear, but then Fall rolls around and I am completely envious of all the leather, fringing and grunge. I love the fact that I can prepare extra early from the inspiration that I get from all the other bloggers, runways and magazines, but I do hate it because I haven’t found many bloggers in Australia that I can be inspired by for our seasons and relate to in style. I’m really trying to drag out some warmer clothes for as long as possible, for example I just bought the American Apparel lame leggings and we’re almost in Summer weather! Chic Intuition: You study media and communication. Any goals of heading into the fashion realm in the future with your degree? Ashleigh: My course at the moment is a three year course, I’m almost one year down and I have been looking into doing a fashion course afterwards. I’m just not sure where to look or what to do I would love to be a fashion journalist or a stylist. I really want to stay in the fashion realm in some way or another. Chic Intuition: What’s your fave purchase and why? Ashleigh: It’s such an overdone answer but my leather jacket. I don’t even think twice about grabbing it! I think it comes everywhere with me. I bought it earlier this year and I seriously thank myself for buying it everytime I pull it out. It goes with everything! And it certainly toughens up the girlier elements of my wardrobe. Chic Intuition: Hermes Birkin or Chanel 2.55? Ashleigh: Chanel 2.55. I annoy the hell out of my boyfriend about this bag. I think it’s perfectly classic, timeless and completely versatile. It’s just an absolutely beautiful bag. Okay I think I’ve gushed way too much. Chic Intuition: Your blog not only reflects your fashion choices, but you talk about some aspects of your personal life as well. When do you draw the line on what to talk about? Ashleigh: I really enjoy knowing something about the person I’m reading about whether it be on blogs, in magazines or anything. I don’t reveal a whole lot more than just day to day events, such as if I bought something new or what I did during the day. I think it’s nice to be a little personal, it’s more natural, I mean, it is a personal blog aswell as a fashion diary, and this way I don’t appear like a clothes horse robot. Chic Intuition: If you could choose any piece from a designer this season, what would it be? Ashleigh: Well now that Australia is coming into Summer that’s really tough because I would love to buy all the wonderfully warm clothes but that would be a waste for another season. I would really like to keep some rock and roll for Summer so I think I’d have to go with Balmain’s studded sandals. I’d die for them. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical q: How ripped is too ripped? Ashleigh: Nothing can ever be too ripped. *Images courtesy of iamashleigh.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. “Nothing can ever be too ripped.” Great job Ashleigh! she is a star. absolute. a heart of gold.
Milan FW Street Chic March 5, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. luv the heels on the girl in the middle. very chic! =]
Dress Love October 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . This dress is crazy-beautiful! My sis and I saw the cobalt blue top in Nords and almost died! Great chicsters think alike 😉
If clogs aren’t your thing… August 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We’re sorry if we’ve been posting too many shoes these days, but who can get enough of shoes?! Definitely not us. We love these Dolce Vita Womens Holt Platform Pumps . Reminded us of clogs but with a feminine twist. Since we’ve already told you guys that clogs are in, these shoes would be perfect for the girly girl who thinks clogs are too bulky. Hotness. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Acne Jeans Chic July 19, 2011 | Tags: Uncategorized We have all had the experience of looking at a celebrity and trying to figure out just what it is that makes him or her look so good. Even what looks like a simple pair of jeans can often look better on a celebrity than it would on just anybody. A lot of this is simply star power, and the perceptions we have of celebrities as beautiful people; but one way to help yourself to look as attractive and stylish as the celebrities you admire is to invest in designer clothing. Acne is one example of a very popular and very stylish clothing brand that provides high-end version of basic clothing and styles. Having originated not all that long ago in Sweden, Acne has enjoyed a steady rise in recognition and respect in the world of fashion, and is reliable for producing attractive clothing options. Plus, if you shop online, it is not uncommon to find extremely appealing sales and discounts that make this clothing available at pretty incredible prices. You say Acne is ‘not’ reliable for producing attractive clothing options??
Emmy Style Sinners September 21, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Sarah Silverman – Winner of most unflattering dress of the night! Lisa Edelstein – If it wasn’t for the piece of toilet paper sticking out the bottom, this dress would have been fine! Padma Lakshmi – I wonder why she had a bouquet of roses sticking out of her pocket… Was there a magic trick we missed or something? Shar Jackson – Before this dress, her biggest mistake was becoming KFed’s babymamma! Victoria Rowell – Now that the election is over, Obama evening wear is just ridiculous and unnecessary. *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shopbop Pick of the Day August 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Today’s shopbop.com pick retails at a perfectly scrumptious $49! Perfect when paired with a leather jacket and black tights for winter. It’s the BB Dakota Isaac Skirt and it’s making us drool… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexander Wang Alla Haircalf Runway Mules March 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Do you remember when we posted about these babies when they first appeared on the runway? We predicted they’d be a hit with the fashion world, and were we right. The blogs went crazy with commentators everywhere asking when and where Wang’s shoe collection would be available for purchase. Well, the hottest shoes for Spring are now available, for a limited time we’re sure , here . Happy Shopping Chiceristas! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shopping the Net-A-Porter Sale Inspired By… June 3, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Clockwise from top right: *Image courtesy of cwtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Balmain Spring 2010 October 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Christophe Decarnin never ceases to amaze us! The ability to design jackets that cost over $5000 and sell out at Net-A-Porter in mere seconds is reason enough to admire this man. In keeping with his reputation, the Balmain Spring 2010 collection did not disappoint! The theme, as always, was extreme shoulders and military details along with liquid gold dreses and silver sequin pants. The result? A breathtaking feast for the eyes and an array of outfits that each of us will pine for but will mostly probably end up purchasing a similarly inspired piece from a more affordable line… On the bright side, at least Balmain has the influence to make that possible *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The best of Balmain yet! I LOVED this collection. NYtimes called it jungle chic. Don’t you agree? no i dont agree. in fact i think balmain have not brought anything new to the table for next season. so disappointing!
The Revolution of Revolve Clothing November 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review REVOLVEclothing.com hosted LA’s fashion crowd to celebrate the re-launch of its website with a soiree at the West Hollywood boutique REVOLVE. DJ Harley Viera Newton’s pop mixes entertained guests including models Lauren Bush and Allie Crandall . During a brief DJ intermission, Rain Phoenix performed a set with other members of Gift Horse Project while guests munched on snacks from the Komodo and Coolhaus gourmet food trucks. The website is amazing, with new additions like a Magazine, Blog, and Culture section. Check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Celebrity Style Crush: Alexis Bledel January 26, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic Her Gilmore Girls days are far behind her, but Alexis Bledel has managed to put herself in the spotlight once again. This time it’s for her amazing red carpet style. This girl can do no wrong. Loving her effortless chic looks while out and about promoting her films and such things. If I’d have to describe her in two words? Classic + Cutie. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I adore Alexis Bledel, her hair is absolutely perfect! Love her style ;D she looks GREAT! better than ever! The Stella McCarteny dress looks wonderful on her I really love the clean, simple black and white look.
Kate Moss for Topshop May 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review This seems like the zillionth review were doing for the Kate Moss collaboration with Topshop, but seems like the model can do no wrong and her clothing flies of the racks. Doesn’t seem like much of a departure from her previous collections, so we’re sure you can guess that you can expect some vintage patterns, bohemian cuts, body con dresses, shorts, and lingerie. If you’d like to check it out then head on over to Topshop.com ASAP, since we predict Ms Moss’ brand lures in the millions. *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert! December 23, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Sunnies Lust June 15, 2011 | Tags: Chic Obsessions In absolute love with these Prada sunglasses and want to own them in every possible shape and color! Get them here . These are more like art than like sunglasses! Would it be a waste for me to buy a pair for the sole purpose of putting them on my wall?
Leopard Obsession September 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find I have leopard fever, and unlike Swine flu, I don’t want this disease to go away. I’m currently lusting after a limited edition LV Sprouse scarf, a pair of leopard booties, and this Mulberry Tote . Heart. *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. absolutely booootiful, mwah!
Chic Guessing September 28, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which of these boots are $ 1020 and which are $ 78 ? The cheaper ones are so much hotter, and omg! They’re available in the UK. I think I’ve died and gone to heaven… xx
Shopbop Finds Under $100 November 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks ‘ Tis the season to be jolly ‘ is right around the corner, so we decided to choose our top Shopbop fashionable picks in celebration. The best part? They are all under $100. So if you either want to spoil yourself or are in the mood of giving, we recommend taking a look at the following: Juicy Couture Pop Crochet Newsboy Cap $75 Splendid V Neck Cinched Top $87 7 for all Mankind Small Card Holder $98 So Low High Rise Stirrup Legging $55 Elizabeth and James Rorschach Tee $99 *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Would You? February 24, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic I’m a fan of converse shoes, they’re the perfect comfy go-to alternative footwear. But would I love my converse shoes with the front chopped off? I’m not quite sure. The fact that my toes would be peeping out kind of give off a Flintstones vibe donchya think? Would you don them? Ash Neo Hi Top Sneakers *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Not my Style! Never , ever in this life!
Paris Couture Show Street Chic January 28, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. *sigh* I love Paris.
The top… February 17, 2012 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . COLOR! Love Grace.
Benefit Cosmetics Holiday Kits October 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Gift Guide I was headed to a birthday party and had absolutely no idea what to get! The issue is that I don’t know the girl very well and hence I have absolutely no idea what kind of stuff she’d like. Well, that was until I stumbled upon the Benefit Holiday Products. Come on, what girl doesn’t like makeup? Especially when it comes in a kit (I’m sure most of you will agree that somehow that just makes it even better)! Here are my picks: Best of Benefit Beauty Uppers 24K Sexy Gold Kit Best of Benefit Sexy Stash Peace, Love, and Glossiness P.S. Oh I almost forgot! Use promo code HOLIDAYS at checkout and get free shipping with the purchase of any of these products. Offer valid until October 28,2008. Woohooooo Thank God your already my friend 😉
Too Hot to Handle September 18, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks You can get yours here . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com and net-a-porter.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Damn, it’s already sold out!
Isaac Mizrahi for Liz Claiborne January 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Thanks to WWD we were able to get a look at some pieces from Liz Claiborne since they hired Isaac Mizrahi as Head Designer. I can personally say I love the looks! They represent the perfect modern twist to a classic label like Liz Claiborne. I will, however, note that I hate the footwear! Especially the foam striped wedgey sandal thingies. EW! Other than that though, I think Isaac gave a refreshing change to a label that was somewhat boring. What do you think? *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ann Demeulemeester Lace-Up Boots for Less July 14, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which of these two boots is $890 and which is $195 ? I actually prefer the cheaper version waaaaaaaaay more than the originals!
Printed Denim June 3, 2012 | Tags: Chic Picks This Spring it’s all about printed denim! So much so that I’m on a frantic search for a few pairs for myself. Pair these babies with solid colored t-shirts and blazers and dare I suggest a contrasting print (not for the faint hearted)? After scouring all of shopbop.com , check ’em! From left to right:
Kate Moss AW 2010 October 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Are you guys ready for a new collection by Kate Moss for Topshop? If you loved her previous collections, you’ll surely be fond of this one. Same bohemian, hippie vibe thrown in with a number of dazzling party dresses. It hits stores and the web November 2nd, so mark your calendars. Take a look at the preview below for a sneak peak: SO SAD this will be her last collection w/ top shop:(
Kate Walsh Chic September 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sass & Bide Black Rats PVC Smocked Leggings Vince 3/4 Sleeve Boyfriend Blazer Splendid Very Light Jersey U Neck Tee Novella Royale Hudson Studded Clutch Rock & Republic Celina Platform Pumps *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mulberry for Target Out Now! October 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review Get ready, get set, GO !!! Yep, the collaboration between one of the hippest handbag designers and Tarjay is finally available online, and it’s so cute! If you can’t afford to get your hands on an actual Mulberry, then why not purchase a deadringer for $50?! Take a look at some of the collection below and then head on over to your nearest Target or their online store for more fun. *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. They look so much like the expensive ones!!! Had no idea this was happening! Thanks! xx.M
Even celebs fall into the GAP August 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of people.com and gap.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Sarah Michelle Gellar Pregnancy Chic August 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Now this is how a pregnant woman should dress! Just yesterday Chic Critic and I were discussing how there is hardly any venue out there with fashionable maternity clothing. Why is that? Honestly, we couldn’t think of a legit excuse. My fellow co-editor actually mentioned that she’d love to see a pregnant woman donning some cool skinnies and a bf blazer. Wow hon, I’m kinda wishing that you asked for a million bucks. Because, lo and behold, Mrs. Freddie Prinze, Jr was seen out shopping just this morning in the exact outfit you mentioned, unborn baby in tow. I wish I’d look that good 8 months along. Chicas, look out for the Chic Intuition Maternity Line soon!! ( we wish ). *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. she looks terrific:)can’t wait to see the the duo’s baby pixx!
Street Chic: Outerwear Edition November 19, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Gisele Makeup Chic November 12, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic In her latest photoshoot, Gisele Bundchen looks amazing (studded vest:hot!), so we decided to give you gals a lesson in the infamous ‘fish-eye’ makeup look. Just keep in mind, this version of the smokey eye should only be worn out at night, or else people might claim you have another type of eyes, raccoon! Start off by covering your whole eyelid with a pressed powder base in a color that matches your skin tone. With a large eyeshadow brush, swipe black eyeshadow over your whole eyelid. As you’re applying, make sure to move the brush back and forth (see the pink lines on the eye graphic). Take a medium sized brush, and rotate black shadow within the inner corner of your eye. Allow your hand to move freely, and it’s encouraged that your shadow not be limited to just your lid, but outside the crease as well. Using a tilted liner brush, swipe the shadow upwards and out at the outer corners of your eyes. Look in the mirror….wink, and go! *Images courtesy of latahvalley.org and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. always wondered how to draw those…now i got the idea! thanks guys…
It’s here! January 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find The Christian Louboutin limited edition ‘Cat Burglar’ Barbie doll is finally available online! The doll dons a black catsuit and Differa sandals and comes with a collection of 4 red-soled Louboutins, each with their own shoe box and bag. Honestly I think this baby may be a good collector’s item to invest in. What do you all think? Get it here . Omg little me is DYING right now! She’s urging me to buy it! If I get it for free, why not. But other than that, I don’t think so. It might be worth a great deal in the future, as you mentioned though.
Chic Reads of the Week March 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Latest Fashion: Ripped Jeans (Chic Stories) Octavio Carlin Introduces His Exceptional RTW Collection ‘Carlin’ (Couture in the City) Givenchy Fall 2009 Shoes (Le Fashion) Book This Look- Kate Moss (My Lookbook) Questionable Style: Katie Holmes Blue Tartan Scarf (Style Frizz)
Makeup Inspiration of the Day October 29, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC
Chic Interview: Monica Rose August 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview If you, like us, have been enamored with Catt Saddler and Debbie Matenopoulos’ style on E!’s Daily 10 from day one, meet the woman responsible. Not only is Monica Rose the brain behind this duo’s amazing style, she’s also the force who managed to single-handedly put Kim Kardashian on the map as a new fashion icon. While the internet is infested with wannabe stylist bloggeristas galore, Monica is an established stylist who decided to start her own blog. The result? A 24/7 stylist at your fingertips with one click of a mouse! Her site is a mix of cheap chic picks, inspirational fashion shoots, and breakdowns of her clients’ outfits. One look and we were hooked and we’re sure you will be too. Think of it this way, what better place to get fashion advice than from a celebrity-trusted source? Check out our interview with Monica Rose below then make sure to head on over to her website for your own personal style session. Chic Intuition: Let’s get the most obvious question out of the way, for the aspiring stylists out there, tell us what it takes to break into the Hollywood Industry? Also, what is the difference between someone stylish and a Stylist? Monica: It’s about being reliable, following through, staying committed – not only to your obligations but to your clients and maintaining positive relationships with showrooms, designers,tailors, etc. Also, appreciating the people behind the scenes who actually make everything I do style-wise possible is key! I think that the best way to break into the Hollywood side of this industry is to be well rounded, follow through, have patience and never give up! Being young and hungry really shows in your work and people take notice and will want use you all the time in this industry. I remember I would work 15 hours days straight and not complain once just do my job. I was not even getting paid anything but I knew it would pay off in the long run. Styling is no joke it’s not all Glitz and Glamour like people think it is. In regard to the difference between someone stylish and a stylist is that a stylist is in tune with what their clients needs and they don’t dress their clients like they would their own self. Yes, of course I have my influence when it comes to trends but as a stylist I have to remember that my clients have their own body types, and that it’s most important to dress them in what makes them comfortable and feel fabulous. A stylish person knows their body to a T and takes risks with their own image which is awesome! I love seeing so many stylish people out and about. It inspires me! Chic Intuition: I have this little mind game I play with my mom. I count how many times she literally stops in her tracks every time E!’s Daily 10 is on, and stares at the ladies’ wardrobes. What do you think makes their style so appealing to women of all ages? Monica: Debbie and Catt are amazing to work with. They both have very different styles. My goal everyday is to make sure my talent feels great and confident in front of the camera! They love being fashion forward and are open to any new idea I may have. I think women can relate to Debbie and Catt’s style because they own their look, I make sure the wardrobe I select works with their body types and nothing is forced! It all comes very naturally. Chic Intuition: In addition to your TV gig, you dress one of the red carpet’s style mavens: Kim Kardashian. Is there a difference between styling for TV and for the red carpet? Monica: There is a big difference but they are equally challenging! TV is so different because there are camera rules and it is very challenging to work around them. Especially with moraying, making sure things read properly , etc. I recreate all the wardrobe to fit the ladies for the show which takes a lot of time pinning to make sure it fits perfect for television. Its more work than you would think. Also, I dress them for 5 shows a week plus field shoots so always having a full wardrobe is a major challenge. Kim is amazing to work with and she LOVES to take fashion risks! There is more on the line when it comes to red carpet events so it is challenging finding the perfect ensemble and easier because I don’t have to worry about camera rules. There are other factors to tie into red carpet/event styling like making sure the outfit is functional, photographs well and that the hair and makeup is in sync with her look. It’s a team effort! Chic Intuition: Because Celebs are very public figures, it’s hard not to view what they wear as a reflection of their individual style. We, however, know that it takes a team to make them look that good. Have you ever had to transform a style dud into a style maven? Monica: I can say that there is no such thing as a style dud, just people who need direction as it is a challenge for most people to stick with what works for THEM! When I started working with my client Khloe Kardashian, we literally went through her closet and got rid of SO many things! She was freaking out! It was time for a change. She had great clothes but she was shopping for what she liked and not what was right for her. So now she has a sexy, sleek style with very simple but definitive direction. And I think she looks fab and really made her style her own! I live for makeovers! It’s my thing. Chic Intuition: Do you think stylists don’t get enough credit for the work they do? Monica: I never really think about feeling credited or being recognized. I’m happy with a simple thank you or a smile on my clients face when we find the perfect outfit. I don’t need validation because I am happy with my work. Just looking back on where I was 5 years ago and the challenges I faced that got me where I am now is all the credit I need! Chic Intuition: Leggings, throw them in the trash or keep them in your stash? Monica: Keep them! I love leggings, they are so easy and effortless when done right. Chic Intuition: Truth be told, a ton of girls aim at investing in a Hermes Birkin. Do you think that should be the goal of a 20 something, or should she aim at something more accessable like a quilted Chanel? Monica: I don’t believe in going outside your means for any piece, so I would recommend working with your budget. If you can afford the Hermes Birkin then go for it! It’s a classic! I would personally go for the Chanel in a basic color so it will work with your wardrobe. Chic Intuition: Your blog is absolutely amazing. We love the fact that you always post stylish bargains. What are your favorite stores for hot bargain shopping? Monica: I love H&M, Topshop and Zara. I am also into thrifting and I get a lot of inspiration from vintage pieces. I love going downtown to the Fashion District. I find a lot of great affordable pieces down there too. I have my hidden spots! Chic Intuition: You’re standing in front of your closet, scouring through the hangers and can’t find anything to wear (been there, done that, huh?). What would be the easiest/safest thing to wear for a dinner out with friends? Monica: If all else fails I always fall back on my favorite skinny jeans, a great tank top and a pair of flat sandals. If the girls decide to make it a night out, I put on a pair of heels and a blazer and the transition from dinner to dancing is complete! It’s always safe to bring a pair of heels out for those just in case situations. Chic Intuition: Since you are a stylist, we have to take advantage and ask, what are this season’s top 5 style musts? Monica: I love this question! 1. Studs – boots, gloves, tights, jackets. Anything studded! 2. Gloves – Gloves are going to be HUGE this fall! 3. Animal print – HUGE for fall as well! 4. Structured pieces – Detailing, shoulder pads. Anything with shape. 5. Oversized or Exaggerated accessories – A MUST HAVE! Chic Intuition: We find it so intriguing that you decided to take to the internet and start your own blog. We must ask, what are three of your favorite fashion blogs? Monica: There are so many great ones! But I would have to say my top 3 sites I start my mornings with are fashionindie.com , becauseimaddicted.net , fashioncopious.typepad.com . Chic Intuition: Last, but not least, a philosophical question: how much black is too much black? Monica: Have you seen my blog! I always pull so much black wardrobe for my clients. I think black is very chic and it more slimming too. Every girl needs a black basic skirt, dress, pant and blazer in their closet. You can base your entire wardrobe for a week around those key pieces. There is no such thing as too much black! *Images courtesy of monicarosestylist.blogspot.com and flisted.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. she makes me wanna be a stylist!!! love it! Wooow! shes amazing! Love her! heart this interview! loving monica’s blog – it’s become a daily read. – wannabe stylist bloggerista 😉 Diabolina- Lol! Don’t worry we are also self-proclaimed wannabe stylist bloggeristas WOW amazing! AMAZINGGGG!! I love her!! wow! thanks for sharing her blog with us!! LOVES IT! SO inspirational! LUV HER WOW! what a great interview 😉 i think she is a kickass stylist, but what made me cringe is that i think she puts her personal style on kim… when you look at how kim dresses lately and at monica’s blog, there are a little too many similarities for my taste… its like rachel zoe and her zoe bots This was an amazing interview and I really love both her work and her personal style. I do think it is a bit of a stretch to call Kim Kardashian a fashion icon. Agree with Leelee above – I would place Kim K. in the same category fashionwise with Kimora. Same fan base, same demographic.
Stars Airport Style May 15, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Stripes are my favorite! Love the post follow me
Once Again, Shopbopping the Sale! November 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Casual Weekend Attire May 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Click to shop the Hottest Contemporary Designers at chickdowntown.com . *Images courtesy of chickdowntown.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love the Balmains and the E&J tank…so amazing. http://www.fashionroadkill-halifax.blogspot.com I need INA tank. I think I may be obsessed with oversized pocket tee. Gracie.
Victoria Beckham Chic March 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing Victoria Beckham heading to the airport looking like Robocop once again, it was hard to trust her fashion sense. That was until a day or two later she stepped out looking absolutely beautiful in an Alexander McQueen Striped Column Dress . This dress is super flattering and, luckily for us, available for sale. Beware the horizontal stripes, however, since it’s not flattering on everyone. Happy shopping! *Image courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Beauty Basics November 16, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic I’m not one to pile on the layers when it comes to makeup, opting to ‘dress up’ my look with a line of pencil eyeliner is my personal choice. But what I’m good at, and not shy of stating, is my perfection of the Makeup That Looks Like You Have No Makeup On At All , or as I like to call it, the Basic Beauty. So I finally broke dear Readers, and decided to present to you all the ingredients to a flawless face. Take a look into my makeup bag, and click on the images to go directly to the product pages. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I HATE obvious foundation and you’re so right, Benefit foundation faker is the best foundation I’ve ever used. nice! thanks for the tips:) I want the first, second and third product! but I don’t think I’ll find those products were I live… Ey chics 1rst of all I really luuuuv yeww 2nd please please I want u to give me brands with the shade number of everything pleaseee thannkksss
Lara Stone Chic January 12, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love seeing new models down the runway, especially when they have quite a unique aesthetic. Lara Stone, born to a Dutch mother and an English father, was actually ‘discovered’ at the ripe age of 12. She signed onto Elite Model Agency at the age of 15, but her career didn’t flourish until she switched to IMG in 2006. What we love about this girl is her chameleon affect. She can pull off any look, with full confidence and swagger. Fun fact? She’s known for her wobbly runway walk, attributed not to her own talent, but the fact that she has quite small feet for her height (a size 7 in a size 9-10 world). In the February 2009 edition of Vogue Paris, which featured Stone on the cover and sole model in the magazine, she said she does not like the runway; that her unusually small feet for a person her size do not fit in shoes, and she often thinks, “Do not fall, do not fall.” Take a closer look at this gap toothed beauty who proves that different is special. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love her!I think she looks good on the run way.
Skirtalicious December 20, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic A twist to the holiday dress tradition- the holiday skirt. This piece can be worn in a range of ways. With a blouse and a cute little vest, with a turtleneck and headband a la Nicole Ritchie , or even toughened up with a leather jacket. With the holidays so near and the budgets slowly dwindling away, we decided to search Delias for a range of affordable and supercute holiday skirts. Can’t get it in time for Christmas? Ring in the New Year with one of these babies! Use Code XMAS75 for $10 off orders of $75 or more!
House of Harlow Shoes March 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review House of Harlow shoes are finally available and shopbop.com and are looking gooood! Some pieces are still absent like the Tilly oxford shoes and the Tate bootie but just keep checking back and I’m sure they’ll show up. The collection seems to be very Navajo inspired and I’m not sure if that’s a good thing. I feel that moccasins are a bit been there done that but I do love the Baron flat and the Pearl open toe pumps. Tell us, what do you think of the House of Harlow shoe line? Clockwise from top left: I don’t think they are anything special at all. Too bad! I LOVE the Meryl flats. Im not overly keen on the mocassins – but there is still alot of nice heels to come!
Gap Makeover August 27, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review Let’s be honest, we all know that the Gap wasn’t the destination you hurried to for a stylish fashion fix. It served as the better than bland place to shop for basics….that’s about it. But now, we have to admit that with Patrick Robinson leading the design pack things have taken a turn for the better. Stores and their online shop are slowly releasing items from the Fall collection, and we are impressed. The fitted blazers, men’s flannel shirts (bought myself a couple), and tasseled scarves utter Parisian chic sweet-nothings. Fall into the Gap? How about taking a plunge. *Images courtesy of gap.com and target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. yeah, they still have a long way to go before they impress me, sorry, they seem too simple. i beg to differ with you Jenny i just spent nearly 400 bucks at gap i’ve been surprised with Gap lately thanks to Patrick robinson. the knits, and rich autumn colours, accesories… everything i cant say it enough. Go check out Gap and look at their mannequins for inspiration
Street Chic: Milan Fashion Week September 27, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic In between shows, Hanne Gaby Odiele looks hot in her fall color combos and long scarf. Mix-matching done right! *Image courtesy of elle.com . she is totally unique in her face but as well in style.
Who done it right?! November 11, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Street Chic *Images courtesy of mrnewton.com , karlascloset.blogspot.com and celebritystyleguide.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The street walker… The street walker! Clearly the street walker! STREET WALKER! ALL THE WAY!!! The Street Walker (though that doesn’t sound very good, does it?) the blogger!! the street walker looks good too but it also looks like she’s trying too hard.. doesn’t look natural.. The blogger – Karla looks amazing as usual! The street walker! (I agree, that doesn’t sound so great 😛 ) I really do like what Kate is wearing! Its comfortable and looks effortless. The street walker (lol) also did really good! & Karla added her feminine touch that made it her own. Nice job, ladies! x sure the STREET WALKER
One Skirt Two Ways May 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Dressy: Preen Line Lace Cotton T-Shirt Givenchy Lace-Insert Patent-Leather Sandals Casual Cool: Bess Vintage Cotton Skull T-Shirt Mymu Marisa Canvas Espadrilles i love the way you styled this skirt! two very versatile outfits 😀 love that shirt! Love these articles. The skull shirt is pretty fab!
Fall Makeup Trend: Statement Pouts August 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We swear by Benefit’s benetint rose-tinted lip & cheek stain . *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
What goes aRound comes around… February 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks So this isn’t a post meant at encouraging all you ladies to ‘get around’ if you get what we mean, well maybe you will after you follow our fashion advice… We kid, we kid. Back to business; round glasses have been the craze ever since Chanel came out with the half dark/half transparent version a year ago, and the trend seems to gain stylish strength as summer is approaching. Obviously these glasses aren’t meant for the weak of heart, or the round of face shape (sorry ladies). But there are a few out there who look smashing in rounded shades, and we thought we’d spare you the effort and pick out some of our faves: Ksubi Bayliss Sunglasses Urban Outfitters Plastic Circle Sunglasses Urban Outfitters PeabodyRound Sunglasses Cutler & Gross Oversized Circular Sunglasses *Images courtesy of stylecopycat.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Patricia Field for Marks and Spencer October 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Wow! This collection is a HUGE improvement over her collaboration with HSN ! Very chic, not too over the top, and it captures the essence of one of my all time favourite SATC movie looks (the jumpsuit Carrie wears the night before her wedding with the huge elephant buckle belt and gold bangles). If you are just as in love, click here . I brought a belt that looks like the one on the jumpsuit, i thought mine was a bit 80s, but now that i saw it on the model, im going to try it this week
You Snood You Lose January 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Ok so you don’t lose, actually if you wear a snood out this winter we can probably guarantee you’ll win a few stylish nods. These infinity styled scarves are so versatile, since you can wear them around your neck or cover your hair against the rain/snow. Gotta love an accessory that shields you from a Bad Hair Day! Take a look at our picks from Asos.com : Flirt Tassel Snood $13 Oversized Acid Wash Jersey Snood $31 Fringed Knitted Snood $19 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. lose? Thanks! Sometimes our eyes get the best of us
Chic Guessing: Blazer Babes July 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess who these chic blazers are by? We’ll give you a hint, they’re both under $100!! Get the answer here . *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I was going to guess GUESS?, because you were using the word “guess” alot. LOL
Changed my life… November 15, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Probably the best foundation ( if you can even call it that ) ever. So soft, so smooth, so invisible. Face fabric it truly is. I’m hooked, and this time it ain’t on sweets… *Image courtesy of giorgioarmanibeauty.com .
Jane Aldridge for Urban Outfitters June 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember back when we interviewed Jane Aldridge ? We felt that there was something truly special about her blog and I guess Urban Outfitters did too! Now, not only are we jealous of her personal shoe collection, we are also jealous of her design collaboration with Urban Outfitters on a line of shoes. I’m not sure but I think Jane is officially the first blogger turned designer no? Well, check out a few looks from her upcoming collection and let us know, hot or not? *Images courtesy of pipeline.refinery29.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I really hope that these will be available in the UK, cos if they are, they will soon become part of my wardrobe I think. Love the flats :o) x wooow! that is one lucky girl! NOT…just because you can wear and buy really expensive shoes and clothing does not a designer make… I’m pretty sure Rumi from Fashion Toast has done some designing i like the brown boots even though they remind me a little too much of the ann d boots. the other two shoes are blah and look like copies of some other shoes..=( ^exactly Jane! I totally agree with you. The boots are soooo Ann D!!!
Happy Belated B-day June 14, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We can’t believe we forgot that yesterday was the 24th Birthday of two of our fave style mavens. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, here’s to many more years of fashion inspiration. Keep it coming girls!!! To take a look at some of our fave Olsen style moments, just *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lady Gaga… September 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Though we might not agree with all her outfit choices, there’s one factor we are definitely liking: her shoes!!! We posted about these babies before and we’ll post about them again, and again, and again till…well honestly we don’t know till when. Get them here . *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
When innovation becomes unnecessary… May 14, 2010 | Tags: Chic Poll Although I absolutely LOVE Tom Binns and his chic and quirky accessories, I must say that this new watch shaped bracelet is a little questionable. Why would anyone pay $600 for a bracelet that looks like a watch but isn’t a watch? It just doesn’t make sense! Would you buy this Tom Binns 24-Karat Gold-Plated Watch-Shaped Bracelet ? i know i wouldn’t.. i agree with you on that. Well, first of all i dont have that much money, and if i did, i bet i can get myself a very nice watch (one that actually works as a watch) that looks just as good I wouldn’t buy any watch more expensive than 120 euros Yeah thats kind of lame. Whats the point of wearing something that resembles a watch when you can wear a watch. And at that price! I like how it’s gold all over, he should make the gold cover removable so that it can be worn both ways. No, I most certainly would not buy that bracelet – especially not at that price. Can you imagine someone walking up to you asking for the time? “Uhh, sorry. I can’t help you with that. This is just a bracelet that LOOKS like a watch. It has absolutely no functionality.” Nothing against Tom Binns – most of his pieces are beautiful… but, no thank you.
How hot… August 12, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks is this image of Nicole Richie and Vanessa Traina? Their looks scream Summer Chic and make us wanna run out and get us some Pinkberry ASAP. We were so inspired, in fact, that we compiled this composition of our fave summer items. Urban Outfitters Original Risky Readers Minnetonka Shell Fringe Bootie J Brand Rigid Cutoff Short Tolani Pashmina in White Leather Bing Bang Crystal Signet Ring Bop Basics Short Sleeve V Neck Burnout Tee *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , dataliteframes.co.uk , and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I LOVE pinkberry!
Givenchy Lace Detailed Top August 10, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shorts Chic December 19, 2012 | Tags: Chic Find We know the weather is chilly out, but we couldn’t help lusting over these Carven Shorts online. They reminded us so much of The Manrepeller ‘s pair, only a bit more flattering (she refers to hers looking like a vajayjay ). We would probubly wear them with tights and booties in this weather, oh and top them off with biker jacket. Sigh . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Guessing: Coin Headpieces May 18, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Picks Can you guess which one is for $8.50 and which is for $210 ? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Wow, amazing find! You’re so on top of this. I might just need to get one RIGHT NOW!
The Perfect Duo September 10, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Loves it. *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Golden Globes 2013 Worst Dressed January 14, 2013 | Tags: Not Chic Kelly Cuoco- A cross between a pageant queen and a goth princess. Halle Berry- Tacky, tacky, tacky! Sienna Miller- Looks like a Kindergarten art project. Jessica Chastain – So ill-fitting at the bust! *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
3 Must Have Manicures November 23, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic If you answered yes, then click here for how to get the looks. *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I will definitely try “mixed metals” and “moon”. All of the colors in “ombre” are fabulous separately, but I don’t know how I feel about mixing them. I love the metals manicure. Love Grace. I looove the mixed metals look!
Chic Guessing December 16, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which is the $995 version and which goes for $99 ?! Note: Use Code MADDEN15 for 15% off the $99 pair! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Get your sale on! April 5, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert Shop ASOS Mid-Season Sale now for great savings on top Women’s fashion. YESSS!! Shopbop sale is on too!
Tribal Inspired March 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Kenneth Jay Lane Leather Cuff JADEtribe Nicole Hand Woven Tote L.A.M.B Vail Birdcage Sandals Robert Rodriguez Draped Print Dress M Missoni Tribal Umbrella *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Miley Cyrus’ Thanksgiving Parade Coat November 28, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Lin writes: “ Hi! Please help me. [I need to] find Miley Cyrus’s coat during the Macy’s Thanksgiving parade in NYC? Thank you so much, and Happy Thanksgiving “ Hey Lin! Happy Thankgiving to you too! As soon as we saw that coat we knew it was Juicy Couture! The flouncy skirt bottom, the gold buttons… all dead giveaways. We were able to find it for you to purchase here . Can you believe how nice we are? We even go shopping for you guys on Black Friday so you don’t have to! Use code REVOLVEPEOPLE08 to get 20% off. Also, in case anyone is interested, her boots are by Tory Burch and can be purchased here . What’s that? Use code THANKS2U and get $100 dollars off??? Gotta love these Thanksgiving deals… *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Lily Aldridge Chic June 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic edit: Lily Aldridge. Simple, to the point, and easy. You can get her tank here , jeans here , and similar shoes here . Happy shopping! *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She’s Lily Aldridge…not Talulah Morton.
No, No, No! January 5, 2011 | Tags: Not Chic Ok, the tiny animal ear beanies we’ll let slide, but these humongous atrocities? Hell to the No! *Image courtesy of people.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I cannot stop laughing! They look ridiculous. I saw some girl sporting one of those head monsters last year at a flea market in LA. I posted the image somewhere on my blog. Disgusting. The Queen of Hearts ohh! they’re kind of fun in their ridiculousness!!
Pierre Hardy for Gap Booties January 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find ‘Incredibly chic and sexy, these boots boast a sleek structure and wrap-around buckle. Luxurious in soft suede and wearable with a perfectly crafted heel, this is a covetable pair that’s ultra stylish with skinny jeans or a playful dress.’ Remember when Pierre Hardy created a limited edition shoe line for Gap in October? Well the online store decided to release a pair for those of you who couldn’t visit the select stores back then. We just adore these boots and know you will too. They’d make a great addition to any ensemble. Get your pair here . *Images courtesy of gap.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Halle Berry Chic June 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Since the Sienna Miller post was such a hit, we decided to give you the look for less in Halle’s case. Seen here at the Shanghai Film festival a week ago, her rocking ensemble can soo be duplicated for less. Just try this blazer with this top and leather leggings and pumps . How much for the whole look? $188! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Miranda Kerr Blazer Chic July 31, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We know we’ve really stressed the fact that Miranda Kerr does a blazer good, but we couldn’t help but try to recreate this recent look of hers. While she usually pairs her blazers with a simple shell and a pair of jeans or leggings, this combination of a blazer with a simple cotton maxi dress really looks fantastic. Chics, if you still haven’t bought your own black blazer, GET ONE NOW! Miranda Kerr’s style only proves the versatility of such a staple piece. You can pretty much wear it with anything and it’s definitely worth the investment. Check out the one we’ve chosen below… Clockwise from top: *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mischa Barton Chic October 20, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic She might take a lot of slack for her style sometimes (even from us), but we have to applaud her look here. Mischa’s at the launch of the new Google phone, and her outfit and headband are more than appropriately fun. We love her flirty yet fierce makeup, and can’t help but say “kudos kid!” We’re such dorks…To get her look: Anna Sui Viennese Daisy Soutache Jacket AKA New York Fringe Dress Twelfth St. by Cynthia Vincent Allison Zip Front Platform Bootie Falke Pure Matt 50 Basic Tights Urban Outfitters Suede Double Braided Head Wrap *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Interview: Apricot Tea November 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview This time we decided to do something a little different. Instead of going the usual path of interviewing a fashion blogger, we decided to interview a blogger with a fashionable side to her. Ev´Yan Nasman hails from Pasadena, California, and unlike most bloggeristas, is married and to a hot vegetarian nonetheless! Apricot Tea is best described as Ev’Yan’s personal diary because she cover all things in her life, not just fashion, making her blog an interesting read. This girl has mad writing skills, if I do say so myself, and her blog is simply addictive. Check it out and prepare to be wrapped up in the world that is Apricot Tea… Chic Intuition: Okay let’s start with the cliche question, what got you into blogging? Ev’Yan: I actually started in 2002, when the term “blog” was pretty much nonexistent. My blog at the time wasn’t very public, not very many people knew that I had one, and it was very anonymous. I closed it down directly after a horrendous breakup with an ex and never thought that I would make another one. But several years later, I had this urge to compose, and share, and have my own unique space on the internet. I talked to my boyfriend (now my husband) and asked him to create and design a blog for me. Within a few weeks, Apricot Tea was up and running. Chic Intuition: What we thought was unique about your blog is that, mixed in with the fashion, you also take reader questions and give them personal advice . What made you decide to do so? Ev’Yan: Since starting Apricot Tea, I would get a lot of emails from readers randomly asking me for fashion & beauty advice. I found that so flattering and thought it would be great if I could have a blog dedicated to my readers & their questions, no matter how big or small. I soon discovered that there weren’t many advice blogs around the blogosphere, and the ones that did exist, were run by an older generation. The best way to put it, I think, was that I wanted it to be an Ask Abby for 20-somethings. Ask Apricot is still flourishing in its own way, & it doesn’t have the amount of success that Apricot Tea has. But I’m proud of it, nonetheless. Chic Intuition: How would you describe your personal style? Ev’Yan: My style is always evolving; it really depends on my mood. It can be light on some days and heavy on others (both literally and figuratively). I take inspiration from men’s styles and the music I listen to. I don’t even know if there’s an accurate word for it. My style is just my own. No matter what I wear, though, I always dress for comfort. Always. Chic Intuition: One of the things that makes you stand out is your cute pixie cut. How did you get the courage to chop of your locks? And did your mom freak out (we know ours would…)? Ev’Yan: For the latter question: No… my mother did not freak out (haha!). She was actually quite proud, I think, that I was willing to cut off all my hair without remorse. At the time, my hair was shoulder length and I hated it. I felt like it was weighing me down, physically & emotionally. One day, I was looking at magazines to get inspiration, and I saw this black model with a funky mohawk, and I was like, “That is what I want.” I remember taking the picture to my hairstylist (who was also my neighbor) and she was really, really hesitant to cut it that short. She kept asking me, “Are you sure? Are you sure?” And I was firm with my answer. That was about 5 years ago, and since then, I have never had my hair long. I’m pretty sure I’ll have a short crop all my life. It’s so much easier to manage. My next version of a pixie cut will most likely be a buzzed head. I’ve been wanting to do it for years. I’m just waiting for the right moment! C hic Intuition: We noticed that you are married and to a super cute guy FYI. What did you wear on your wedding day? Did you go for the traditional or did you add a little of your unique edge? Ev’yan: Since it was spontaneous (we eloped to Vegas), I didn’t have a real wedding dress. But I did have a white sun-dress that I loved, so I wore that. Since it was in the middle of December (Christmas, to be exact!), I wore black skinny jeans with the dress. Jonathan, my husband, wore a white button-up shirt, with skinny black jeans, annd black Chucks. We looked very put together, but our personal styles still shown through. I guess it’s safe to say that I added my own unique edge. Chic Intuition: Lastly, a philosophical question, how personal is too personal? Ev’Yan: If you’re a friend of mine, nothing is too personal. Nothing. I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this girl. I really and truly do. She’s a wonderful subject for an interview and I enjoyed reading it. =D This is a wonderful interview on a wonderful subject. Ev’yan is a PEACH (no pun intended). Truly one of a kind though! I reeeeeeeeeeally loved this interview!! Ev’yan’s blog is definitely being added to my favorites
Cute Little Mini Bags March 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Gone are the days of the oversized handbag that could easily fit a member of your family inside. The new age style is the practical mini bag, big enough to carry your essentials (key’s, wallet etc) and yet small enough to stay out of your and other people’s way. While browsing shopbop.com I couldn’t help but notice how cute their mini bag selection was. Another advantage I noticed, the price on a mini bag is so much smaller than that on a large IT bag if you know what I mean. Check out our picks below or head over and choose your own. Either way, a mini bag is now a must! I see these three purses as being little works of art… little wearable, useful sculptures. 😀 Great bags!
Bottega Veneta Bling August 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks In the wise words of Rachel Zoe, “ I Die “… Get them here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. this shit is sooooo expensive I love that ring!
Lily Donaldson and Rachel Chandler Chic December 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Joie Dreamer Faux Fur Jacket Alexander Wang Basic Pocket Tank Dress (on sale!) IRO Quedem Sweater (on sale!) Free People High Waisted Scrunchy Skirt *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Stree Chic: Scarf Edition December 17, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of altamiranyc.blogspot.com , and thesartorialist.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The girl in the middle reminds me of Keira Knightley, gorgeous. I so love all three looks. Great post!!
Hottest Booties Ever July 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find I think you pretty much get how I feel about these shoes . Combining two of my favorite things: fringe and booties and, as you see, the result is glorious! I can just see the endless outfit variations that go with these. Tucked into skinnies, accenting a poufy skirt, or paired with tights. Now, if only my 5’9″ frame wouldn’t let me down when it comes to balancing myself in heels…. I guess I can live my dream through Chic Critic (you better go buy em!) *Images courtesy of my-wardrobe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. They remind me of the shoes Charlize wore in Monster:
‘Better Left Unsaid’ September 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review Any of you on pins and needles awaiting the next episode of ‘The Rachel Zoe Project’? We sure are! Continuing off last week’s episode, Rachel and Brad are still living it up at NY Fashion Week. They make a 20 minute stop at New York Vintage, and end up walking out with a new closet full of clothes ( can we say jealous ?). Watch as it all goes down, and don’t forget to catch the show Tuesdays at 10/9c. i’ll admit…..i am obsessed with the show and have sadly begun using the phrase “I DIE”. I can’t help it! It is toooo funny perez hilton for some weird reason has the power to make you either hate or love a celebrity, and ever since his been posting about rachel zoe i was weary about watching her show. But now i love her and iam totally obsessed! p.s isnt brad the cutest?
Shopbop Sale Alert & Free Shipping! July 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert So Shopbop isn’t only offering a sale on the sale items (extra 25% off sale items with code EXTRA25 ), but you can also get Free International Shipping!!! Wow, we love it when great offers are only a click away. Happy Shopping!
Come away with me… July 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Picks For those warm summer nights, this vest adds romance to anything. New at shopbop.com for $85. Loves it. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oooh, as soon as I saw this I headed over to shopbop for more inspection. Absolutely adorable!
Sale Extravaganza! January 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert Click the banner above to check it out!
Taylor Jacobson: What was she wearing? August 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We know a lot of you are wondering what the female stars of the show were donning since watching the premiere episode of Season 2 last night, so we decided to dedicate a post to, what else: the fashions ! Take a look at what Taylor Jacobson ( one of your faves ) was wearing throughout the first show, and our chic alternatives. To get Taylor’s look for less try: *Images courtesy of bravotv.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG I love Taylor. How did I survive while this show was off? does anyone know the exact white tshirt she is wearing , anyone have the link .. im so obsessed with taylor! love her love love love! Nicole: This is the American Apparel Tee that she’s wearing in the pic on the left: http://store.americanapparel.net/2456w.html?cid=199 does anyone know who makes the black shoulder bag Taylor was carrying this week? Great looking! Barbara: Taylor’s actual bag she carries throughout the episode is the Balenciaga Arena Giant Maxi Besace in Black. You can order it online here: http://www.barneys.com/Arena%20Giant%20Maxi%20Besace/00460807006474,default,pd.html thanks so much! found it, got it! Actually, Taylor is wearing the deep V shirt: http://store.americanapparel.net/6456w.html
Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale! May 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Yes, it’s finally that time of the year when all of your fave summer pieces are being sliced in half price-wise. Is there a certain designer bag you’ve been eying for a while? Well now you can get it 40% off! That dress you need for graduation? The price is now too good to resist. We love Nordstrom , and even more, we love their sales. Talk about bargain buys! Also, we love the fact that they carry designer brands and moderately priced high street brands, so there’s something for everyone. Head on over before it’s too late. *Images courtesy of nordstrom.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Mm I have to check it out, some of the pieces are irresistable!
Blair’s Colorblock Dress from It’s a Wonderful Lie December 3, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Is it me or has Queen B totally beat S this season as the show’s fashionista? It seems like after every episode I go on a search frenzy looking for a beautiful piece that was worn by Blair and not Serena! I don’t know what it is, but maybe Blair bribed GG Stylist Eric Daman to give her the hotter outfits this season? Sounds like something she would do… Anyways, this week another episode and another gorgeous Blair look. This time it was the colorblocked sensation Alice + Olivia Jabot Dress that made a splash in my opinion. Keep dressing like that B and by the end of the season we’ll all be saying “S who???” xoxo Chic Critic (I just had to add that!)
Mischa Barton Handbag Collection July 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review , Not Chic If you’re pretty sick of hearing about celebrities meddling in the fashion industry, then we recommend you skip over this post Although we admit to being part of that clique, we couldn’t go without mentioning the latest handbag collection created (designed ?) by Mischa Barton. Her 14 bag collection , inspired by her love of vintage, has a moderate price range of $43 to $323. We applaud her for being one of the few celebs which aim to please the mass market. But, unfortunately the low prices seem to unsurprisingly lead to a low quality collection. We haven’t had the chance to see the bags up close, so we don’t mean fabric/leather quality. We merely feel that the designs could have gone a more innovative way. We felt that déjà vu “been there done that” when looking at the range. Take, for example, the logo of her line. It’s a clover with hearts in the middle. Really? A clover Mischa? How unique of you. It really does stand out among Hedi Klum’s clover for her jewelry line, or Muaawad’s clover for their jewelry line, or Lucky Brand’s clover logo, or marshmallow Lucky charms, or the millions of clover tattoos out there… When the logo seems uninviting, it seems to go downhill from there to us. On a brighter note, we are digging the Fina clutch . *Images courtesy of asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Missoni for Target May 6, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert Finally, a Target collaboration we can sing about! Huge fans of the house of Missoni’s signature zigzag print, we can’t help but be over the moon regarding a line for less available at Target in the Fall. I literally will be camping out come September 13 to get my hands on some of the clothing and housewares. Keep your calenders marked ladies cuz it’s about to go down. I challenge you all to an online shopping war! Are you just as excited??? *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG! i will be camped out with you! I literally almost screamed when i saw this post
Inspired by Blake Lively’s NYLON Cover November 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Women’s shoes & accessories: 7 For All Mankind Sequin Blazer – Ash Splendid Cotton racer-back tank LaROK Absolutely Studding Skirt Brixton – Elliot (Black) – Hats Steve Madden – Corley (Dark Brown Leather) – Footwear *Images courtesy of nylonmag.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Perfect timing! I just bought some Dirty Laundry boots (http://www.chineselaundry.com/indShoe.asp?type=b&store=d&id=4401) that look like the Steven Madden ones but are half the price 😉 & I couldnt really figure out how to wear them but had to buy them!
Whitney Port Chic December 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic While watching the finale of The City ( yes, it’s my guilty pleasure ) I coudn’t help but notice the silk floral blouse Whitney Port was wearing with a brocade mini. The top just oozed bohemian chicness, and we loved how this reality star decided to break the look with a contrasting skirt. Honestly, I rewound the scene a couple of times to try and ID it. Think I did? You better believe it! It’s the Rebecca Taylor Botanical Blouse , and we can’t wait to get our hands on it. *Images courtesy of mtv.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Office Outfit January 13, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Kacee writes: “I’m 20 years old [and] looking for a chic way of dressing up for an office job. I want to do something different but still want to be appropriate. After all, I am young and love fashion. Can you help me please? Thanks for your help. “ There are numerous ways to look office appropriate but stylish simultaneously. Right now I’m writing this while donning wool leggings, a long tunic sweater, leather jacket and fringed scarf (all black)…at the office. On the other hand, we’d still have to say that it depends on where you work and how lenient their dress code is. But even if the job requires you to wear a blazer on a daily basis, you can still manage to make it look chic. We’d recommend starting off with 6 basic wardrobe staples any fashionable working woman needs, and then altering looks with funky accessories. Who says you can’t wear yellow pumps to work, or a fab multi-chained necklace? We say don’t shy away from playing up otherwise boring looks by adding simple yet striking additions. And don’t forget, work it girl! (literally as well…) *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Riley Keough Chic July 27, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Formerly notorious for her legendary grandfather (that’s Elvis Presley for the 3 of you out there that don’t know), Riley has slowly but surely gained her own recognition in the fashion world. She started modeling for elite models, and has now walked her own share of fashion shows and red carpets. She might not have the height of a supermodel, but her perfect face beats any cover model’s out there! *Images courtesy of style.com , teenvogue.com , fashionmodeldirectory.com , and stormmodels.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love her eye make-up in the vogue cover!
Summer Heat Street Chic July 6, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Guessing: Spring 2009 November 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Can you guess which brand is behind these beautiful pastel colors and flowy Spring designs? Hint: it’s not a ‘designer’ label. Give up? Answer here . *Images courtesy of source . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. H&M maybe? Actually, I’m hoping it is, cos I’ve fallen in love with these pics. yey! matthew williamson!! http://fashionminded.blogspot.com
Celebs Rockin’ H&M November 13, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Ok so before you get excited, they’re rockin’ the Comme des Garcons line for H&M (a bit pricey compared to the retailer’s normal line) and H&M ‘Divided’, but we have to admit we’re quite impressed. When the preview images of the collab came out, we weren’t digging the polka dots by CdG. But after seeing Mischa in the dress/jacket ($365), we love it! Thanks for the alert nitrolicicous ! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com and ghettyimages.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love mandy moore’s blazer! so fetch!!
One Good Reason to Get a Boyfriend… December 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love the title 😉
Dakota Fanning: Chic or Not? June 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Is there an age limit to wearing tie dye jeans? If so, what’s the cut-off? I’ve been eying the blue version of the ones seen here on Dakota, and kinda wondering if I should go for the purchase. My sister thinks they are totally disgusting, and that I’m too old to pull it off ( not I’m not 45, don’t go freaking out…just 26! ) I have to admit that the black versions started to grow on me after seeing the whole look that Miss Fanning put together (pairing them with a chic blazer to ease up the edgy), but still too grunge for me. What do you guys think of her jeans? And if you like them, they’re available here for a pretty reasonable $117. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and chickdowntown.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i think she’s trying to look like everyone else in hollywood.. and by that i mean looking like a 21 year old. what is she, 14? I must say… i think the opposite! i know she’s going to be playing Cherrie Currie in the movie The Runaways (she was on her way to filming in this pic) and i think she is totally channeling he inner Cherrie here! Its really rock-chic! btw, im addicted to this site Actually she’s going on 17, and combat boots and acid wash jeans don’t make her look like a 21 year old. I kinda agree with alexa taht she’s trying to look like “hollywood”, and it’s a bit older for her age. but that outfit is chic. Love the jeans, blazer and Dr. Martens boots. I love the look. I love her. I know her jeans are too much. I like those with slightly less contrast, you know – between the bleached and the non-bleached, a lot better 😉 I love these jeans! Where can I get a pair? V: Just click on the link in the post
Street Chic Looks Gone Bad January 6, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. HAHAHAHAHAHA Wtf were they thinking!? Especially the dude and the girl in the oversized dress!?!?
No No No! August 10, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic In the latest issue of Harper’s Bazaar , Rachel Zoe is asked what exactly she eats , and her response on lunch: *Image courtesy of celebrityclothingline.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. and there’s your evidence, her face(yuck, not healthy). I just don’t get it why women do that to their bodies, if you were not born skinny, trust me it won’t look good on you as you get older. I have always been skinny, i am 5’7 115 pounds, it took me one year to gain that 5 pounds. I don’t go crazy about how i look anymore. Ummm and she’s proud of that?
First Look: Olsenboye for JC Penney October 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert So a few days ago we informed you that the Olsens are collaborating with JC Penney on junior’s line. Well the first looks are out and it’s obvious that the line is directed towards teenagers. As opposed to their more refined fashion lines such as Elizabeth and James and The Row, this line has a younger more grungy feel. Honestly, I doubt I’ll be donning any of the pieces personally but I still think it was a great idea for them to branch out like this. For those of you in New York, the line will be marketed in a very unique and fun way. An Olsenboye truck will be cruising around New York selling merchandise and giving out cupcakes, balloons and pins, and empty racks in 50 high-profile stores will be covered in Olsenboye shrouds.” For three days only, if you catch the truck you’ll be able to preview the whole collection, shop, and eat treats! Happy shopping!
Chic Interview: Fashion Chalet July 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview We’ve been silently following our latest interviewee for some time now, and loved witnessing her online evolution. She exudes a bright, sunny presence taking after her hometown Miami, Florida. This 26 year old is a blogger, who we can safely say, has gotten chameleon style down pat. She can dress up like an elegant movie star, or dress down like a rocker girl. The unwavering factor in it all? Her love for fashion. Take a look at what she had to say to us, and then head on over to her lovely blog . Chic Intuition: We’ve been following your blog for a while now, and noticed the evolution of your style. What triggers your outfit choices? Erika: Thank you. Being a fan of your website, that means a lot!! I change depending on mood and whatever I am immersing myself with from all around. I pull from everything that inspires me in someway. Celebrities play a large role, of course, as do model’s style choices and preferences; but a lot of it also stems from music, movies and magazines that inspire me. Mood definitely plays a large role. Chic Intuition: We love seeing street style photos from different fashion capitals, there’s a certain vibe that can be associated with each city. Do you feel that living in Miami influences your style? Erika: To be honest, no. All I see are tank tops, jeans/shorts and flip flops. I call it “messy beach bum wear without any flair.” I like to pretend I live in another City or Country when I’m getting dressed to go out (be it to dinner or to the grocery store.) Chic Intuition: On your blog you state that you “breathe and dream in fashion.” Any future plans in the industry? Erika: I sure hope so!! Styling professionally is my ultimate dream, but I’d also love to dabble in writing, fashion coverage from all over the World, if possible. Chic Intuition: You were featured on the Urban Outfitters Catalog (yay!). Do spill details! How was the experience for you? Erika: Exciting, I was contacted to model a few pieces for the blog and then they would later choose which one to showcase on their website. I was notified of being online on Urban Outfitters’s homepage by many of my Facebook friends, shout outs to them!! Chic Intuition: So we can’t ignore the fact that you own a pair of the greatly coveted Sam Edelman booties ( reminiscent of the Olsens’ Balenciaga’s ). No one could predict their online popularity. Do you have any idea how many fashionistas would kill for a pair? Erika: It all started when I first saw them gracing the Olsens’ feet. Especially MK’s. When I saw how easily they pulled an outfit together my heart couldn’t stop beating for them. I enjoyed watching the many ways Mary-Kate incorporated them into just about any and every look (with mini dresses, skinny jeans and extra long t-shirts) were ( and still are ) my favorite. Then Rumi got them, only enticing me further. Now that I finally have them, I must admit the magic has yet to disappear, I just love them that much. ( thanks to Nicole for hooking me up! ) Chic Intuition: Talking about the Olsens, we think we’ve finally found someone who’s as obsessed with them as we are. What do you think their secret to style is? Erika: I think the truth is not overthinking it. They grab and they go. Always effortless yet pulled together, just enough. It also doesn’t hurt that they have access to every single label I dream and covet to run my fingers over…. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how stylish is too stylish? Erika: When you are wearing one designer head to toe and it’s either too matchy-matchy or costumey. Mix high & low, that’s the best; especially Vintage- my favorite. *Images courtesy of fashionchalet.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. ahhh!! love her, thanks Chic! Just saw it, thank you!! Linked it to my blog post this afternoon for my Readers to see. Came out great! x love her! thanks for introducing her to us! She’s great! Thanks for the fabulous interview! Great interview! Erika’s style not only rocks, but she’s also super sweet.
Thakoon for Target November 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert NYLON has just released the first images of the collaboration between the trendy Thakoon and our beloved Target . Although the outfits won’t be out till December, that gives you more than enough time to save up for your faves. And by ‘ saving up ‘ we mean putting away a nickel a day. Yes ladies, the looks range from $20 to $70 tops. The looks seem kind of summery to us, but we’re willing to let that slide. Seriously, will anyone go back to buying actual designer clothing after all these collaborations? *Images courtesy of nylongmag.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. looks like a “resort” collection…if only i could go on a vacation this winter!
The top… October 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Buy it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com and my-wardrobe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cheap Chic: Balmain September 15, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Get it here . P.S. Use code INTUITION to get 10% off! When I think of cheap I think $200 and under. LOL Pardon me! True, but you can also think of Cheap as in Cheaper..like the case above
Kim Kardashian Makeup Chic August 4, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Who better to pose for a zoomed in shot than Kim? Let alone the fact that she has, well, perfect features in our minds, her fresh-faced fall makeup is the best photo you can follow. We already hinted at what products you need to invest in this winter, but to get her look here: Moisturize the face and neck area with Clinique Dramatically Different Moisturizer . With a large brush, evenly apply Bare Escentuals i.d bareMinerals Powder Foundation all over. Focus on the cheeks and temples for extra highlights. Afterwards, smoothly dab Benefit Boi-ing Concealer under and around the inner corner of the eyes. With a soft brush, apply Sephora Light Touch Highlighter from the lashline all the way up to the brow bone of the eyes. Don’t over apply. With a small brush, line the upper and lower lashlines with Dior Impression Cuir Leather Couture eyeshadow. The key here is to be messy, and not focus on applying a straight, bold line. Finish off the eyes with generous coats of Givenchy Phenomenon Eyes Mascara . To achieve high volume without applying false eyelashes (as seen on Kim Kardashian), apply one coat of mascara, wait a bit, and apply the second. With a small brush, apply Cargo blu-ray Blush/Highlighter to the apples of the cheeks. Line your lips with Nars lipliner in Jungle Red . With a lipstick brush, apply Kat Von D Painted Love in Hellbent . Smile, and walk out the door! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and sephora.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. is this the geisha look? the make-up is too light. Look at her hairline.
Chic Trend: Zipper Details October 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Lately it seems like the latest fashions are all about innovation with interesting details This season, zippers seem to be the prominent detail of choice. Designers everywhere from high end to low end seem to be adding a zipper here and a zipper there to make a fresh new statement. Well, of course, us Chics had to jump on the bandwagon and decided to search the internet to find the best zippered pieces out there. It all started with a blouse and ended with shoes, bags, and even a bracelet! Here are our faves: 1. Zip Ruffle Neck Blouse 2. Luc Kieffer Zipper Bangle 3. Chinese Laundry Women’s Betsey Zipper Platform 4. Khoon Hooi Zipper Necklace 5. Temperley London Crackle Mata Hari Small Bag *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love zippers, great shoes by CL!!!
Sex & the City II: First Look September 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Wow, we are totally excited. Fashionistas around the globe must be giddy with glee over these first shots of Carrie Bradshaw out and about NYC. This really proves that the movie is a go, full force ahead. We noticed something interesting in this shot, seems like the stylist of the movie, Patty Field, is tackling the recession subject. Carrie’s dress looks like a simple jersey that you can find in any retail shop. But of course, when it comes to her heels they had to go with Mr. Louboutin. Obviously we’ll let it slide, hey its SaTC at the end of the day! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. could you please find out who the sunglasses are by? thanks so much. you blog is fantastic! I love the dress! Can you please find a cheaper alternative?! Thank you. Your blog is great! i want that dress!!
Geek Chic Done Right! January 6, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love this look but it’s not easy to make it right! BJS *keep it stylish*
The Perfect Holiday Party Outfit December 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Anna Sui Ombre Sequins Tank Dress Jimmy Choo Private Strappy Sandal Miu Miu Bow Alice band Fendi Leather spy bag Lee Angel Bella stretch bracelet *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hmmmm everything is gorgeous except for the bag, I think a solid patent blue clutch would go perfectly with the outfit
Dasha Zhukova Chic April 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic She’s a Russian socialite and founder of fab fashion label Kova & T . Dasha Zhukova isn’t a household name yet, but we guarantee that fashionistas everywhere will be asking who the hottie in the stylish clothes is every time she steps on a red carpet. Take a look at this fierce lady in our fave snapshots… *Images courtesy of rdujour.com, stylecaster.com, iconocast.com, and artinfo.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love her style!!!!!
No, No, No! March 9, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic We know we’re living in the Super-Size It generation, but seriously??? Who, in their right mind, would wear these ? The only exception should be Andre the Giant, and that’s if he’s having a bad hair day… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Not I… ha ha. i kind of like them, actually. i guess i’m on the avant garde side of fashion though. i think if u could wear them with ur entire hair up somehow, they mite be cute. i like them! but i only like the black ones on brown black/black hair. I actually wear this ALL the time when I tie my hair up and I still have some loose bits hanging around.
Gap goes back. October 14, 2010 | Tags: Uncategorized A few days ago GAP debuted a new logo. A few seconds later, the internet went bazirk with hate comments. I have to admit, I was one of the haters. Being an architect and dabbling in graphic design, I saw the new logo as weak, dated, and just too Graphics 101 for me. Nothing compared to the original GAP logo that we’re so used to. Happy to say that the retailer actually went back to their original logo. Our fave hate comment? “I think [the logo] could be slightly more boring if they really made the effort. They can’t even do boring right anymore”. So the blogosphere is king! Like they say, if it ain’t broke… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I totally agree, and as one of my friends posted on Facebook.. “I think I made that logo on a Power Point Presentation in elementary school.. but then deleted it because it was too ugly.” :b
A Special Offer for You November 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Courtesy of Shopbop, from now till December 1st, you can enjoy the perks of spending and getting cash back! Oh ya, an additional gift for international shoppers : enjoy free shipping on orders $250+ till Nov 30th!!! Click here to enter.
Never Chic June 7, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Sorry to disappoint all the Paris Hilton fans out there. I just want to make a quick statement. Am I the only person who thinks that no matter what she wears, no matter how couture or expensive or stylish the item of clothing is, Paris just manages to skank-ify it? The way she accessorizes, poses, and just IS makes her a major NO. Just goes to show you that money can’t buy class. Take a look below and decide for yourselves. *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. You are So so right!!!!Agree…NO to Paris No to all three stars that are posted here! very true! I concur 😀 I completely agree. She is a waste of oxygen in my book. i totally agree, she manages to make a couture dress very UN-classy, god knows how she does that. I completely agree!
Jennifer Aniston Chic September 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Wowza! How beautiful does Jennifer Aniston look at the premiere of her new movie??? Pretty darn hot I must say. We gotta admit that lately we haven’t really been feeling Jen’s style (too american sportswear for our taste) but boy does she know how to deliver a punch on the red carpet. Since this could be a fleeting moment, we decided to quickly commemorate it by recreating her look: P.A.R.O.S.H. Sequined Dress $360 Michael Antonio Women’s Silverton Gladiator Sandal $55 *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: 20% Off Tops! March 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com.
Golden Globe Sinners January 12, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Renee Zellwegger- I guess the witch is not dead after all… Heidi Klum- I hope there weren’t any bees on that carpet! Debbra Messing- She really puts the Mess in Messing! Blake Lively- I guess she didn’t have much time between the beach and the Globes. Jlo- A dress made entirely out of gold foil. I guess she took going green a little too literally. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cartier Love Charity Bracelet July 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert So it’s finally here! Me and Chic Freak have been excitedly anticipating the new Cartier Love Charity bracelet ever since last year’s was sold out… We decided that if the new one had rose gold, it would definitely land on our list of must-haves. Well, lo and behold it does have a rose gold ring intwined with a white gold ring and let’s just say we are both in LOVE. The only catch is that it’s a little pricey at $995 but $200 of that goes to charity so maybe that makes it a little better? The charity you donate to is determined by the color of the bracelet so choose wisely. Below is a list of celebrity ambassadors and their charity of choice. Orange bracelet – Fergie for The Peapod Foundation Gunmetal Grey bracelet – Janet Jackson for The Ovarian Cancer National Alliance Peach bracelet – Eve for Women in Transition Khaki bracelet – Common for The Common Ground Foundation Royal Blue bracelet –Ashanti for Boys & Girls Club of America Deep Jade Green bracelet – Good Charlotte for The Ritchie-Madden Children’s Foundation Deep Plum Purple bracelet – Hilary Duff for Blessings in a Backpack Pink Bracelet – Emmy Rossum for Susan G. Komen for the Cure *Images courtesy of vialuxe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have 2 Love charity bracelets: 1 pink gold(2006), 1 white gold (2007) I want to sell both, so if anyone is interested please let me know: electrifyin316@aol.com I’m interested in both bracelets. How much are you selling them for? Hi I am interested too, can you pls indication of price? I’m always a fan of these bracelets….but cannot afford the original price. Can I ask how much you are selling yours? Thanks! yeah im very interested. How much are u selling it for? retail on the single ring version 475 + 25(tax)=500 single ring version discontinued, no longer offered in stores. only 2008 double-ring version available for 995
The top… January 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Get Inked Without the Sting November 22, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find A huge trend in Hollywood is the angel wings tattoo. We know a lot of you might like the look, but not the pain or permanency associated with a tattoo. Our solution? How about donning this Pencey Angel Muscle Tee ? Similar affect, without the long term commitment. We like . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com , nrichienews.com and virginmedia.com .
LC in Training October 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic With her own reality show in the works (see a clip of it here ), it looks like Whitney is closely following in LC’s footsteps in more than one way. Why you may ask? Well because she was spotted wearing an almost exact replica of the top LC wore months ago at Us Weekly’s Hot Hollywood Party this week in NY. Do you think maybe she thinks that by emulating LC in any possible way, her own show might be just as successful? Hmmm something to ponder upon… *Images courtesy of imnotobsessed.com and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution Inc.
Serena’s Coat November 10, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic We know it’s been all Serena, Serena, Serena lately but seriously, how amazing are her outfits??? I can’t help but be in awe everytime she steps in the room. Now wonder any guy within 3 ft of her ends up falling hard! One of the most dramatic looks for me was when she went to work late at night wearing a beautiful coat over her one shoulder black dress. I must admit I was WOWED and had to find this coat’s designer. Being a huge fan of Nanette Lepore, I just knew that Serena’s coat would be by her. And… it was! Get it here . You know you love me, xoxo Chic Critic *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Leggings Bandwagon November 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Despite tons of criticism and speculation, I think it’s safe to say that leggings aren’t going out of style anytime soon. I remember close to a year ago someone actually had the nerve to make the call and declare leggings as “so out!” I secretly giggled a little inside thinking “are you serious?” and still don’t understand how she figured that was true… Well just to make things more concrete, designers galore have jumped on the leggings bandwagon trying to figure out ways to make them more original by giving them their own signature touches. Below are a few examples. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. by making them original you mean making them ugly, right? All those leggings are awful! I can’t wait for leggings trend to end they only look cute on girls under the age of 18 (in my opinion).
Fendi Baguette Needlepoint Kit March 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Poll Following the Fendi ‘Paint Your Own’ Baguette , I am eager to introduce you to the Fendi Baguette Needlepoint Kit . I personally think it’s $995 wasted. Why you may ask? Because I’ve attempted needlepoint before and I was never able to finish what I started. It’s just that after awhile the stitches feel like they will never amount to anything making one lose all hope and toss the canvas aside. Although the idea of personalizing you own bag is very appealing, I prefer to use the $995 on a bag that’s ‘ready to go’ if you know what I mean… What do you think, are you up for the challenge or will you pass on this project? SUPER-pass on this one, I’d rather go to AC Moore and spring for the things I’d need to assemble one… then blow the rest of the $960 on shoes! I can’t imagine spending this sort of money on a tiny bag I have to stitch. I love needlepoint but I prefer fun, quirky and smaller projects like these Jennifer Pudney needlepoint kits which are way cool (and funny) http://www.needlepoint-for-fun.com/jenniferpudney.html. So, I’m with you on the “buy the bag ready to go” option. What a waste of money and a designer bag! I LOVE crafts! Just not thousand dollar ones. Ew, that seems really desperate and pathetic of Fendi. Stupid idea-plus I HATE those ‘baguettes’! So not getting this. If you zoom in on the bag on the Neiman Marcus site you’ll notice that it’s unlined – so unless you’re wanting the mesh bag look you have to make sure every single square is covered with embroidery. I don’t have that sort of patience. I’d much rather get a cloth version, add some limited embroidery, and have a bag ready to be used this decade.
Get Your Shine On! April 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Gift Guide for Your… December 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Qi Victoria Blanket $330 Balenciaga Paris Black Caviar Scrub $95 Michael Kors Rose gold-plated stainless steel watch $250 Laura Mercier Colour Wardrobe $98 Marc by Marc Jacobs Diamond wool-blend gloves $90 See by Chloé Embroidered jersey tank $245 DeLonghi Nespresso Lattissima Single-Serve Machine $1,000 $599 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love that rose gold watch!
Off the Runway: Green Nailpolish November 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Tips Ever since I’ve noticed the green nailpolish trend, I’ve been on the fence on whether it’s one to follow. It all started on the Chanel runway for Fall 2009 and ended up on celebs and bloggeristas galore and I’m proud to say I have jumped onto the green nailpolish loving bandwagon. The trick to achieving perfect green nails? It has to be a minty fresh shade like Mint Candy in this Essie Winter Mini 4-Pack . Also, a glam chunky cocktail ring ( perhaps by Chanel? ) couldn’t hurt I guess… *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Beauty Trend Alert! March 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips Hot of the spring runways neon nail polish is HUGE for spring/summer 2010! Try this hot pink Essie Nail Polish in Mod Squad or this super bright yellow Essie Nail Polish in Funky Limelight . Pair with a floral dress and some strappy sandals for a fresh and breezy summer look. *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love that pink…brings me back to the 80’s
Your Personal Stylist Session… December 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Celebrity stylist duo Anda and Masha show you how to get red carpet looks by choosing the perfect accessories. Check it out and prepare to drool…
Isabel Lucas Chic March 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of hollywoodcrap.com, theinsider.com, blog.oregonlive.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love it. And she has such a lovely face. i want her face! stunning!
Affordable Line We Love November 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Lately it seems like costume jewelry is all the rage making it harder and harder to buy hot pieces for a good price. That’s why when I find a jewelry line that is hot and affordable I have to spread the word! My new favourite line of choice is Landver. The way to describe this line is funky, edgy pieces for less than $100. Music to my ears! Check out some of my picks below then head over to shopbop.com to see the rest. Landver I think I’m in L.O.V.E. Clockwise from top left:
Chic Giveaway Winner! July 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We are proud to announce the winner of the Chic Giveaway to be………. Julie! We loved the way she styled her Current/Elliot Jeans and felt that she definitely had the winning look. Number one, what better way to start a look than by using Taylor Jacobson as inspiration? Number two, we felt it was definitely the most well thought out and unique choice for an outfit. Bravo Julie! We know you will do these jeans justice *Image courtesy of bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Congratulations! Enjoy your new hot jeans!
Chic Trend: Smoking Flats November 10, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Like it or not, smoking flats are the new ballet flats. These babies are the latest must-have staple in every fashionista’s wardrobe. Celebs and fashion royalty have been spotted by our own two eyes rocking these babies at NYFW. We personally love them because they add a lot of pizazz to an outfit without taking away from comfort. Check out some of the styles we’ve been eyeing below… 1. DV by Dolce Vita Women’s Wink Flat 2. Matiko Women’s Lee Flat 3. Dolce Vita Women’s Nariko Loafer 4. Rebecca Minkoff Women’s Belgian Slip-On Loafer
Prepster Chic September 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We love the styling Asos did here with their blouse. Preppy gone bohemian with a pinch of Blair Waldorf. The top is TDF ( to die for ) and only retails for $60! Take a closer look here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. oh I REALLY like that top!! I love prepster chic <3 <3 <3
Jessica Biel Chic March 12, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Loving this pic of Jessica Biel at the Summit on the Summit event this week! Although it’s pretty simple, something about it just makes it pop. I really like the floral dress under a simple black blazer and fierce sandals combo and I’m sure most of you did as well. Unfortunately, Jessica’s actual dress is by Thakoon which would set most of us back a month’s rent or so! I decided to go on the lookout for a similar but more affordable version of her outfit on asos.com and must say I was successful. To get the look, follow the three simple steps below… 1. Lipsy Strapless Print Dress $77 2. Mango Tailored Blazer $94 3. Miss KG Rocco Cut Out Shoe Boot $111 *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG I neeeeeeed those shoes!!! She is stunning! oh! i’m working on a post with this look too. i love your recreation, definitely something i’d wear
Inspired by Street Style… January 15, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Get them here . *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Leighton Meester Chic November 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We loved how Leighton looked at this event in her Marc Jacobs dress and messy up-do. We’re really feeling the floral bugundy pattern, and since we couldn’t wait for one of our readers to ask for a similar look, we decided to re-create the look ourselves ASAP. You can get the $363 version dress here , and the pumps and rings here and here . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
A Little NY Fashion for the Eyes November 20, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized Oh…i just brought a hat like that
The dress… July 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The ring with all the bling. April 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find If I’m not in the mood to pile on jewelry, but want an easy way to shine, I always choose a statement ring to compliment an outfit. They’re big, they’re shiny, and they attract the perfect amount of attention. So you can imagine how excited I was to spot this Kara by Kara Ross 14-karat gold-plated hematite ring . First of all, the ring looks much more expensive than it actually is. Major plus. Second of all, its size is perfectly huge, so you don’t need to compliment it with any other piece. Third of all, it’s hot. Enough said… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. oh wow! that’s a statement piece for sure!
Gap 1969 Premium Denim August 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert For a limited time only, Gap has opened a premium denim pop-up store on the famous Roberston Boulevard. This store will be selling the new Gap premium denim line 1969 slated for release in the Fall. “With this new collection, named in honor of Gap’s debut year, we completely reworked and redesigned the jeans at every level, from design and fit to fabric, fasteners and production,” said Gap’s EVP of Design, Patrick Robinson. “Our goal was to create a range of styles that were cool, sexy and relevant for right now. Every style tells a story and there’s a fit for everyone – we created great fitting jeans that really complement and accentuate different body types.” I will definitely be going up to LA to checkout this cool store and get me some jeans which start from $59.50 FYI! If you’re interested in going as well, the shop will be open from Friday, August 7, 2009 – Sunday, September 27, 2009 (Monday – Sunday: 10:30 a.m. – 7:00 p.m) at 108 N Robertson Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90048.
Rachel Bilson Cheap Chic February 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Flowy sweater vests are so in this season, and practically require no skill when pairing with other apparel. Not only do they add flare to a typical jeans+tee combo, but also keep you warm with spring breezes. So it was an obvious maneuver for us to find a cheaper version of her vest and, duuh , we searched Forever21 and found one ! Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and forever21.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
House of Harlow New Collection September 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s no secret that Nicole Richie’s line House of Harlow has been a hit among celebs and us common folk as well, and the new pieces of the collection are honestly to die for . I am especially loving the gold necklace with the little beads and the matching bracelet. Hurry up and get them though, because you may actually be able to don these new pieces before even the celebs get a chance to do so. House of Harlow ring- $25, House of Harlow Necklace- $218, the thrill of wearing a new piece before Kim Kardashian? Priceless! House of Harlow 1960 Six Strand Bracelet House of Harlow 1960 Leather Feather Necklace House of Harlow 1960 Rose Gold Plated Hoops House of Harlow 1960 Black Diamond Ring House of Harlow 1960 Six Strand Necklace I love the necklaces!! So hot!
Sam Edelman Zoe Boots on Sale!!! February 3, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Alert OMG OMG OMG !!!!! The boots that had the blogosphere in a whirlwind are… ON SALE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am happy to report that I found the Sam Edelman Zoe Boot on sale from $345 to $199!!! Wowaweewa! I’m heading over right now! See ya there! thank you! thank you!! I have been wanting these, but not for $300 + I just bought them because of your tweet!! Lol! No problem I was superexcited when I made the discovery! OMG, my mom has my credit cards! She’s think I’m going crazy with them, so she said she’d keep them! How long do you think a size 7 or 8 will last??? Not long, huh???? Oh, no. Gossshhhhh, I wnat them. HELPPPPP!! Are they true to size, by the way? Hey Lala! Hopefully they will I was told to go up half a size so for example if you’re a 7.5 I would recommend an 8. Oh, thanks for that guys! Hopefully my mother will give me back my credit cards by tonight! I really did kind of sort of need an intervention though. LOL Yayeeeeeeeee finally… in Canada these are 400$ plus taxes, I so caved and got these 79$ shipping to Canada and still saved me a fortune. Thank you sooooo much, love your posts I am hooked on my daily visits N xoxox Damn it! They ran out of 8s. I just sent them an email. Do you think there’s hope, CI? *crossing fingers* Exactly Natasha. I checked at Browns and they are $399 +13% taxes. Will you please let us know again if there is another sale somewhere?? I MUST get them!!!!!!! Of course!!! We’ll be on the lookout are they still on sale anywhere? i neeeeeeed them Where are they on sale? I have a pair of 8’s NIB which I suspect will be too small? Anyone interested? Hi Jordanshops- I’m interested in your Sam Edelman in 8. Are they still available? is there a 9 left?!?!?!? i’ve been looking for these to be on sale for so long!!!! please tell me there’s a 9!!
Diane Kruger Chic July 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Want Diane Kruger’s look for less? Ok, we have to admit that this one wasn’t much of a challenge, but we really loved the gray and purple combo. You can get a similar dress here , and this cute boyfriend cardigan here . Just add a fedora and you’re ready to go! Total for the look? $86! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mr. & Mrs. Louboutin January 8, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of rachelnero.tumblr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. loving the colors! Love the bouquet!!!
A Lesson in Street Chic January 20, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. such a fan of the wrap/infinity scarves!
Ask Chic: Graduation Dress March 2, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Chic Tips Chic Reader Yanna writes: “I love all your fashion suggestions, so I really think you can help me on this one. My graduation is coming up, and I want to find a nice dress to wear. I was looking for something classy and appropriate, but something that will let my fun and bright personality shine through!” First off, congrats on your upcoming graduation. Such a pivotal time in a fashionistas life requires major style intuition, and we’re happy that you asked for our help. There are a couple of guidelines to keep in mind when searching for the perfect graduation dress: With these tips in mind, we selected a couple of choices to get you started. Good luck, and Happy Shopping! Diane von Furstenberg ‘Aria’ Wrap Dress Lauren by Ralph Lauren Belted Coat Dress Tracy Reese Ruffle Sleeve Dress Nanette Lepore ‘Sunny Day’ Dress BCBGMAXAZRIA Silk Crepe Faux Wrap Shirtdress Adrianna Papell Shantung Dress *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Thanks so much Chic I’ll keep your tips in mind when I go shopping next week! Hi.. good morning! I really need ur help my graduation is on 23th of march. But still I dong know what Im going to wear I’m not sexy that why i dont know what Im going to waer.. pls. help me to find the nice dress.. Tnx
Another Reason to Love MJ… August 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Only he would take the task of dressing up and styling Miss Piggy that seriously! And we gotta admit, girl has never looked better. Lucky Miss Piggy got to visit Marc Jacobs’ studio to go over some looks for her to wear during New York Fashion Week. They also collaborated on a couture gown for her to wear at an upcoming event. Honestly, I’ve never been more jealous of a pig in my life! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Miss Piggy, please visit me in Paris too!!! HAHA too cute!
Spring Trend: Denim on Denim January 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. This is one trend I hope will not be brought back! I ALWAYS hated denim on denim.
Shopbop’s Designer Sale! June 2, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert Designer Fashion at shopbop.com – Free S&H on Seven, Marc Jacobs, C&C, Vince, & Theory.
Chic Interview: with us! August 1, 2008 | Tags: Chic Press Hey guys! Be sure to check out the interview that The Fashion Time conducted with us. We had a lot of fun answering their questions, and are sure you’re gonna love it! *Images courtesy of thefashiontime.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Loved it! Like we were evesdropping on your personal conversation!
Runway to Realway: Statement Necklaces August 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Inspired by the Galliano Resort 2009 show, I decided to go on the search for the perfect statement necklace. I was looking for something fun and young and similar to the ones his models were wearing with their gorgeous colorful outfits. I ended up stumbling on this Juicy Couture Summer of Love Necklace and must confess that I am in L.O.V.E. I know I’ve said this so many times but, unlike real love, my love for fashion items is constantly being redistributed… Anyways, back on topic, this necklace is the perfect piece to add to your fall outfits and can be even saved for spring cuz statement necklaces will still be SO IN by then. A versatile piece for fall and spring. What more could a girl want? *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. That piece is great! I am also loving statement pieces this season… my latest obsession has been beso jewelry. Their Fall line is now out and is so swoon worthy!!www.besobeads.com
Chic Gifts- The Jetsetter December 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Leisure Westport 5 piece Luggage Set $69.99 Diane von Furstenberg ‘Catwalk’ Wheeled City Bag $179.99 Juicy Couture Velour Track Jacket & Pants in Red Velvet $152 Vivre Stamped Croc Passport Holder $90 Ananda Athena Wrap $189 The Diane Von Furstenberg “Catwalk” Wheeled City Bag us 179.99 not 17.99. oops…thanks for the heads up! problem fixed
My dream haircut… April 4, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. AWESOME!! I hate growing out bangs too!
Runway to Realway: YSL December 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Runway to Realway October 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love Taylor’s sequin top!
Celeb Style Crush of the Moment February 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of style.com and variety.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love her style We did the same post a few weeks ago..LOVE HER STYLE http://sweetnothings04.blogspot.com/2009/01/olivia-palermo-style.html
Alexa Chung’s Wedges August 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic , Chic Find I was watching the latest episode of ‘It’s on with Alexa Chung’ on MTV ( love her dry British humor btw ), and couldn’t take my eyes off of her shoes! She was rocking those gladiator wedges, and it kinda helped that she has legs as long as the Eiffel Tower. So, I searched high and low till I found the actual pair, by APC . Only problemo? They go for about $400! Wanna look as good as Alexa for less? Then try these options: 8020 Layla Gladiator Wedge in Black $68 Madden Girl Olliee $49.50 Rocket Dog Casaba $34 *Images courtesy of mtv.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Great alternatives. Thanks
Miroslava Duma Chic January 18, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic The moment I found this Reiss Indie Furry Panelled Leather Jacket , I went searching through my files for a similar look I saw on super fashionista Miro. Isn’t she just rocking this cropped fur coat? The balance of the ‘big’ on top with skinnies on her lower half equals an equation for pure bliss. *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com and asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love the fur coat!beautiful! – http://tiffanyssmallworld.blogspot.com/
Beautiful Inside & Out March 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We’re pure suckers for good packaging. We know it might seem like a crime to go where the looks flow, but I guess it’s just a testament to our high level of taste…( arrogant much? ). In all seriousness, we do think that marketing a product with great aesthetics is key, and let’s just say that Benefit Cosmetics nailed it with their new Crescent Row perfumes. Choose from one of three amazing scents, Leelee, Sofia, and Gina. Sigh, feels like Christmas…in March. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Rockin packaging for sure!
Current Obsession: Current Elliot! May 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Obsessions *Image courtesy of singer22.com . i love current elliot. ill def be picking me up some. I’ve been eyeing this for awhile now.
Ask Chic: Red Lips & Glasses June 9, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Annika writes: “Hey guys! Can I wear red lipstick together with my nerdy Ray-Ban-glasses?” Ummm ……ya!!! The first person that came to mind when you mentioned the combo was Pandora the French blogger. She’s famously known for dressing up her Wayfarer glasses, and we even like to think that she’s the one that first decided to exchange her sunny lenses for prescription ones. Don’t even think twice about working this trend, just make sure to do it after the sun goes down. *Images courtesy of misspandora.fr , and chictopia.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Hot Off the Runway Beauty February 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Don’t Miss Out! April 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review Ok this might seem a bit obsessive compulsive, but Chic Critic and I….well we kind of sit and wait for Gilt Groupe sales to start. If you haven’t heard of them already, they’re a site that provides fashion enthusiasts online access to designer fashion from top brands at sample sale prices ! Ya, amazing huh?! What we love about them is the fact that they email you alerts notifying upcoming sales. So back to our sickness: we actually sit and wait for sales to start (noon EDT) to grab up whatev we’ve been eying. The site is invite only, so click here and join if you havn’t already. Check out what’s going on sale today: *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Thank you so much for sharing this. I can not wait to take advantage and join the sickness.
Ask Chic: Taylor Jacobson’s Plaid Top September 13, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Krystle writes: “Is Kurt Kobain resurrecting himself in the upcoming fall fashion??? Rachel Zoe’s style assistant, Taylor, has some bangin’ style and I love the plaid shirt that she wore in the first episode! In the words of Zoe, “ it’s BANANAS! ” Any idea where I can find it?” Ok Krstyle we’ve got good news and bad news. The good news: we know who the top is by. The bad news? It’s two years old, meaning you can’t really purchase it online (and yes we tried ebay as well). How would we know anything about a two year old top? Well, that’s due to the magical powers of us editors here at Chic Intuition. Once we read your email, Chic Critic and I were on a full fledged discussion about the top. I mentioned to her that I remember spotting Lindsay wearing it on a celeb blog, and I even remembered that she was shopping at Barney’s. Weird huh? Ya, my fellow co-editor was kind of freaked out. After a couple of clicks (love you internet!) we found some pics to prove our point. And yes, we also remembered that it was by Stella McCartney. Its called the Check Top, and its from 2006 . Sorry Krystle!!! *Images courtesy of neimanmarcus.com , bravotv.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have been obsessing over that top since seeing Taylor rocking it on the show! Booo… it is too bad it is form a past season. I adore it. Thanks for this info Ya, me too! Very hot. Btw, checked out your blog and love it! ^ Thank you! I am def loving yours too! oooo and I linked you Just wanted to let y’all know that there is a similar top to Tay’s Stella MCartney Check Top on zappos.com (its a Fred Perry) – not exactly the same, but with a similar vibe: http://www.zappos.com/n/p/p/7464653/c/7674.html im in love with taylor! (: woo and we have the same name. i went out and bought a gold chunky watch after seeing tays it just tops off any look, ahh shes my inspiration! all i wear is my leather jacket and watch everywhere now. shes better than rachel zoe, it should def be the taylor jacobson project.
Just add a white tee… October 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We love jewelry that makes dressing up easy. Keep everything else to a bare minimum. The Juicy Couture Layered Velvet Drama Torsade Necklace is the leader of the fashion pack in this scenario. Love it, live it, get it at shopbop.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i am seriously ALL about the white tee! easy & comfy! always in style! Ahhh. I’m craving this entire outfit right now!
Runway to Realway: DVF September 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the shoes!
Miley Chic July 21, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic To be honest, I usually HATE Miley Cirus’s style… In this case, however, she looks great! L.O.V.E it *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Runway to Real Life January 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love a super long tuxedo/blazer waist coat.you picked perfect pieces to recreate the catwalk look. muah marian Ah! I have that Phillip Lim vest! Thanks for the inspiration.
Even Celebs Love a Bargain Contd… April 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com and singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. woah, Mena’s hair is a total disaster… ehh the only ones that look like a true bargain are the payless shoes and h&m scarf… the other ones are all overpriced $88 scarf a bargain, are you kidding me??? that is a ridiculous price for a scarf; it better be premium quality wool if it’s worth that… blake’s dress is cute Wow! Those Payless shoes in Mena are amazing!!
Olivia Palermo loves… October 6, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
To.Die.For November 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . Loves these! Super cute.
Elizabeth and James Jewelry August 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Elizabeth and James jewelry is now available for pre-order at Intermix and my is it gorgeous! Check it out below: 1. Knuckle Ring in Gold 2. Knuckle Ring in Silver 3. Cross Chain Necklace 4. Snake Ring in Gold 5. Snake Ring in Silver 6. Circle Cuff 7. Dagger Necklace *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Style.com’s Fave Vid of 2009 January 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Video
Tory Burch Spring 2009 September 10, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Is it just me or is the new Tory Burch collection surprisingly underwhelming? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Serena’s Dress August 26, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Julia asks: “Hey girls!! I need help with this one. This is a life or death situation!! I neeeeeed to know who Serena Williams’ dress is by or I’m gonna die! Help!” Ummmm….ok Julia. Take a second and breathe. We here at Chic Intuition don’t want to be held responsible for any fashion “accidents”, so we’ll give you the desginer ASAP. It’s a dress by Robert Rodriguez, and you can get it here . Phew! The pressure we endure! *Images courtesy of instyle.com and shopbop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celeb Style Trend: Recessionista Chic July 15, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic While it seemed that the only way to get celeb style in the past was through maxing out our credit cards buying luxury items that we couldn’t afford, it’s now possible to attain the exact celeb look without the hefty price tag. 2005-2008 was all about excess (remember Nicole Richie’s collection of Balenciaga handbags in every color?). 2009, however, is all about recessionista chic. Hot pieces, great prices, and being able to pay your credit card bill at the end of each month is the new thing! This trend is so hot that even fashionistas such as Jessica Szohr, Kim Kardashian, and Olivia Palermo have hopped on the budget-friendly wagon. True, they pair their inexpensive pieces with a Temperly London jackets, Zanotti shoes, and an Hermes Birkin but it’s nice to see that at least part of their look is under $100… *Images courtesy of style.com and imnotobsessed.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I want the dkny cardigan so badly! can’t wait for the line to come out! wait, is the military cardigan the dkny one, or is it the one layered underneath? who is the military one by? OMG i want that cardigan NOW…when will it be available online?? Nope unfortunately the military jacket is by Temperly London. The cardigan is the silky scarf-like piece layered underneath. It’s part of Hilary Duff’s line for DKNY that we posted about… We’ll update you guys once it’s out. Here’s the link to the post:
Victoria Beckham Plum-ing it Out December 27, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic She can rock a plum colored coat like no other… *Image courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. A helpful correction from a copyeditor: Pluming is a word meaning to decorate with feathers (from the root of the word plume) or to indulge in one’s vanity by a show of prideful achievement. I doubt you meant to use this word to describe Victoria Beckham as she is not wearing feathers in the photo and it seems a non sequitur to accuse her of frivolous pomp.
Let’s take a walk on the dark side. December 16, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic It’s the easiest ( and cheapest ) accessory to don for winter, and we’re all hopping onto the bandwagon. Deep, dark lips are a great addition to any outfit in the chilly season, just make sure that you keep the rest of your face to a bare minimum. So follow our lead and try Nars Lipstick in Fast Ride for some seriously sexy lips. *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. You’re so right, CI.
Jennifer Aniston Chic Obsession November 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic They’re sold out everywhere, but you can get a similar pair here . *Images courtesy of elle.com and zappos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. she looks pretty as usual ahh, Jennifer is perfect as usual. I’ll never forget her glory days on Friends, the best show ever!
Chic Interview: A la Femme September 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview A little bit savvy, a little bit boho, and a little big gorgeous is how we’d describe our latest interviewee. Meet 22 year old Kelly who hails from the Windy City. Her love for fashion and design has evolved into a blog that spills her hopes and fashion dreams. Keep your eye out for this hot designer, we sure are. Chic Intuition: We love hearing from fashionistas on how they started their blogs. Do spill please! Kelly: Well, anyone who knows me, knows I talk A LOT. My family and friends can all attest to having to listen to hours and hours of me talking about fashion, shopping, designers, etc. So I just decided to give them a break, but still have a release to talk about these things. I originally started chatting on fashion forums which is where I was introduced to the idea of starting a blog. Chic Intuition: Now, we noticed that you sew a lot of your own clothing, and they are just fab. Do you see fashion anywhere in your future? And in what amount? Kelly: Yes, of course, I love fashion and everything about it. I actually majored in fashion design in college. I would love to design for a fashion house, that would be simply amazing to me or even to create my own clothing line. I have even taken up wardrobe styling and am currently toying with the idea of adding Journalism to my major so I can possibly write articles for magazines. The jury’s still out though. Chic Intuition: We sensed that you are quite the family girl. Do your mother or sisters have any influence on your style sense? Kelly: When I was younger my sisters influenced my style, but as I’ve gotten older we have all just gravitated toward completely different styles of dressing. I still value their opinions but other than accessories our taste differs. Chic Intuition: Anything you regret donning? Kelly : Oh don’t make me say it. I cringe at the idea of me wearing those off brand “Manolo Blahnik/Jenny From The Block” boots. Yes I admit it, I was one of those girls to wear those boots and I loved them. But now as I look back I can’t help but say, “what was I thinking.” Chic Intuition: Online shopping: addictive or annoying? Kelly: Are you kidding….addictive. Oh I am a slave to 3:00 a.m. online shopping. Shopbop.com , tobi.com , and eBay.com have all fallen prey to my late night shopping addictions. I think I need help. Chic Intuition: In your Gucci Fall 08 post , you managed to single-handedly transcend the runway looks into real life snapshots. How easy/hard for you is it to mirror fashion house trends? Kelly: I guess its relatively easy. As I view a runway I mentally go through which items I have in my closet that flows with that collection. But then again, I am like a packrat. I still have clothes from when I was 12, I know scary. But that makes it so much easier to find pieces that fit into a collection when I have a large variety to choose from. Chic Intuition: Scenario: your fave fashion house is closing down. What item of theirs would you scurry to save and why? Kelly: Hands down Balenciaga’s harness boots from fall 06 and of course Chanel’s original quilted clutch. Both had big impacts on the fashion world. Chanel’s quilted handbag is always timeless. And of course Balenciaga’s sculpted harness boots (both ankle and knee high version) are simply amazing to me. Chic Intuition : Finally, philosophical question time. How tight is too tight? Kelly: I always do a pinch test, if there isn’t enough give in the fabric for a pinch then its too tight. *Images courtesy of alafemme.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She’s gorgeous! I love the second look the most, and her blog is definitely going to be a favorite. love love love her!
Emmanuelle Alt Chic October 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic The Fashion Director over at Paris Vogue has once again proven that the art of grunge-chic is a precise form of mathematics. In order to solve the equation correctly, you have to mix the right amount of low and high integers (aka priced items). Here she’s seen outside the Viktor and Rolf Show in a Balenciaga leather jacket and jeans, a Gap shirt, and Isabel Marant boots. For the less budget savvy, we’ve created the look for thousands of dollars less. Silence and Noise Motorcycle Jacket $128 Gap Fitted Purple Plaid Shirt $39.50 Delias Taylor Low-Rise Super Skinny Jeans $49.50 Naughty Monkey ‘D’ Ring Boot $99 *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Take an Extra 30% Off! December 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit . AGGGGHHHH! SHOPBOPPING ASAP- yes shopbop is a verb, too
The Sequin Pant Two Ways October 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find The sequin pant is one of this season’s hottest investment pieces. It is a piece that can easily be dressed up or even down to make an always fierce fashion statement. I would honestly invest in this piece just because I can see it looking amazing at a wedding instead of the traditional gown route that everyone else tends to take. Check out my version of the sequin pant dressed up/down below and tell me, would you wear it? Get them here . Lover Drape Lapel Wool Blazer Splendid Scoop Neck T-Shirt Acne Angular Leather Boots 3.1 Phillip Lim Accordion Pleated Necklace Chloe Asymmetric Silk Blouse Christian Louboutin Circus 120 Cutout Boots
No, No, No! September 8, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic How many No’s can you find!? *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I used to love her style, but it seems she lost it when she left the OC and had that horrible misshap of another show.
Recession Chic January 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find With the economic recession heading our way, it’s important to be smart about our purchases. That doesn’t mean to necessarily eliminate any spending, but to consider each purchase as an investment. That’s why when I saw these Steven By Steve Madden Women’s Martiny Open Toe Strappy Ankle Boots , I was hooked. Number 1, they’re on sale. Number 2, they are sandals. Number 3, they are booties. If you didn’t catch on yet: these babies are perfect for both winter and summer and come at a great price point. I’m going to click on through and get myself a pair because I think they’ll definitely be handy in these California winters. Phew! I’m glad I don’t have to give up on shopping completely… good shoes. really.!!!!!!! simple and elegant these are some serious shoes- very hot! Hot shoes. I want them :).
Ask Chic: Lady Gaga’s Pink Pumps February 10, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader B writes: “I am in desperate need of your fashion investigation! One of my best friends…is a hmmm…how can I put it…A Devoted Shoe Addict! She has been looking for these HOT pink pumps worn by Lady Gaga! She has looked everywhere … from fashion mags…to blogs…to taking fashion quizzes…to a never ending Google search! Please HELP! Please please please find them for us! I heard you guys are the BEST in fashion investigations! Thank you loads!” First off, talk about good taste! Second off, you readers are killing us. I mean, the challenges you put us through are just that: challenging! But at the end of the day, victory is just that much sweeter when we’re able to answer your oh so detailed questions. When we read this email, knowing Lady Gaga, we assumed the pumps were vintage. But after sorting through our mental Rolodex of fashionable finds, the light bulb went off. Who could forget such a hot shade of pink? And in pumps no less. Ok B sorry, to put you and your friend out of your misery, here’s the answer: they’re Stella McCartney Silk Stiletto Pumps in Pink . The reason for their allure is the fact that they’re “ styled in a fabric called “Scuba,” which is a stretch fabric similar to a scuba suit (we assume), but to our eyes it looks like a very matte silk. ” Interesting… *Images courtesy of celebutopia.net and intermixonline.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. OMG! I can’t bielive you guys found the pumps!!!! As the rumor states…you guys are the BEST ever in fashion finds! Thank you thank you thank you! Will purchase ASAP now! Love you guys loads! x0x0 -B oh thank god! i thought that was lindsey lohan before i read the text and got really worried for her. Wow I have been looking for hot pink shoes 4 a while now.These pumps will go perfectly with my dress..I have 2 say these shoes are so sexyyyyyyy I wantt ittt..How can I find these pumps?? HI there I am trying to get my hands on the Stella McCartney Pink Pumps please help me find them
Blair Waldorf’s Opera Dress January 27, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Since we all couldn’t get our weekly fix of Gossip Girl last night (what was up with the rerun?), we felt we had to try and give it to you ourselves. Although the fashion in this episode wasn’t very plentiful, since the girls were in their school uniforms most of the time, it all came out at the opera. Oh the opera! The girls all looked beautiful and the night’s star was Ms Blair Waldorf herself as usual. Her Dior Resort 2009 dress was out of this world. For the first time with Blair’s fashion choices, we can actually look forward to buying it instead of scouring for it on Ebay. Keep your eyes open ladies and please let us know… Now I just can’t wait for next episode because it sure looks juicy! xoxo, Chic Critic (Oh ya! I’m adding it everytime I do a GG post) *Images courtesy of youknowyouloveme.org and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Kept meaning to blog about this dress. Love love love it. That color works on practically anyone. And the TIERS, god gawd, the tiers! I just saw this episode on iTunes just now and instantly had to google that dress!! =] xx
Chic Interview: Vanilla Scented January 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview The moment we first spotted this 19 year old from Norway, we new we had to add her to our ever evolving Bookmarks Tab (under the Folder appropriately entitled Hot Bloggers! ). Maria manages to make daily outfit posts events on their own, with amazing thrift purchases that melt our hearts. The fact that she’s so laid back is even more assurance that it’s not hard to look good. It just takes a little style, and some lovely scents… Chic Intuition: So what is vanilla scented? Your cologne? Room? Car? Maria: Yeah my car. Hehehe. I was trying to come up with a name for the blog, and my actual Vietnamese name is “Van”, so I searched for it on the web and up came vanilla. Thought it was cute but I wanted something more and so I added “scented”. As exciting as that. Chic Intuition: We’re not going to ask the boring question of why you started a blog, but rather, what keeps you posting? Maria: Why dress up if no one can see you? I want to share my interest in fashion and trends with others. Also all of the positive feedback I get from people encourages me to keep posting. Chic Intuition: What would you say are 3 main inspirations to your daily outfits? Maria: I want to look cool, laidback and trendy. Other than that I’m very inspired by other bloggers, the catwalk, street style and celebs. Chic Intuition: Scenario, you’ve only got 10 minutes to pack for a quickie tropical getaway. What items do you stash in your suitcase? Maria: Doesn’t matter! We’re talking about a tropical getaway here! Haha. I’d need a sheer white tanktop, light washed ripped jeans shorts, a cool cut-out bathing suit and I’m good to go! Chic Intuition: Vintage vs New. What do you prefer and why? Maria: That’s a hard one! No way I could chose.. Vintage, because the items are unique and the quality and shapes is hard to find nowadays. New, because trends and fashion keeps evolving and I gotta catch up! Chic Intuition: We literally stored the images of your DIY studded leather jacket. How many compliments (aka girls trying to grab it off you) have you gotten so far? Maria: 573. Hehe no. But many! I see why – it is killah I couldn’t be more satisfied with it! Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how ruffled is too ruffled? Maria: When people start talking about wedding cakes wherever you go. *Images courtesy of vanillascented.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I luv the third outfit she’s wearing! She should be on the sartorialist! i love her! With this post, i discovered her, and i fell in love with her outfits and her sense of style! BJS *keep it stylish* Maria is amazing – so is her sense of style. thanks for posting, i love maria She’s ALWAYS fashionable!
Chic Find: Jennifer Behr Headbands September 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find After seeing a pic of Nicole Richie at the Marc Jacobs show in NY fashion week I was very intrigued by her sparkly hippie headband. The intrigue turned to absolute obsession after I saw the last episode of Gossip Girl where Blair was donning a similar sparkling headband with her gorgeous one-shouldered yellow dress and let’s just say the effect was visually intoxicating! Well I got down to researching Blair’s hot headband and, lo and behold, it’s the same designer as Nicole Richie’s! The designer is Jennifer Behr and the prices are a little steep but oh so worth it if paired with dramatic eveningwear. Don’t you love us just a little more now? *Images courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com , jenniferbehr.com , and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. these are just simply beautiful. I hate the way Nicole wears it but I love the first one at the left. They are so expensive here in Spain….!! But it looks nicee… but you could get similar ones that are cheaper!!
Studzzz… February 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Steve Madden ‘Revenu’ Shoes CC Skye Patent Stud Cuff Larsen Gray Studded Cardigan Anna Beck Gold Studded Stiletto Earrings Roberto Cavalli Leather Fringed Shoulder Bag im in love with studs. i think my whole closet will be filled with studs.
Megan Fox Chic July 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic She’s so hot these days, we just had to create an outfit post of this sizzling Transformers star. Though her daily wear might seem simple and easy, the jeans she’s always in are anything but. I personally own a pair, and swear by them. There’s nothing more ‘in’ than to throw a sheer tee over a pair of destroyed denim. One rule: don’t expose too much. The amount of wear and tear shouldn’t be more than necessary (like enough where you can actually feel a draft between your legs). You guys are probably like ‘just tell us who the jeans are by lady! ‘, but honestly it’s not about who they’re by but what…. ok ok just kidding . You can get yourself a pair here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Alexander Wang Cheap November 23, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic One of Fall’s biggest obsessions is the Alexander Wang Herringbone Boyfriend Blazer . The rouched sleeves and large, boxy cut are what attract any fashionista to this piece, only until they realize the $725 price tag (even though it hasn’t stopped them, its sold out everywhere ). We scoured the web for a less pricey version, and are happy to say that our beloved Topshop brand Boutique has an eerily similar blazer for only $120! Oh happy day… *Images courtesy of nordtrom.com, and topshop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. im in love with that jacket! love that jacket!!
Chic Reads of the Week March 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Pretty Spring 2009 Things for Budget Fashionistas (Chic Stories) Celebrity News: Beyoncé is a one man Woman (Couture in the City) Get it Girl (Le Fashion) Book This Look- Olivia Wilde (My Lookbook) Would You Wear Green Veranda Eco Designs? (Style Frizz)
Street Chic: Neon Brights Edition October 9, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
YSL Fall 09 Footwear March 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Although I didn’t really fall for the YSL caged shoes this spring, their Fall 09 footwear off the runway is absolutely scrump-delium-tious! I love the new skinny heel placement and the funky cross between a heel and a wedge! I definitely can see these babies gaining cult status among fashionistas everywhere just like the YSL tribute pumps did last season… Ukh! Just another reason to look forward to Fall. Will this madness ever end??? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Isabel Lucas Chic July 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We have no idea why this other female star of Transformers 2 has kind of been hiding in the media shadows. We feel like she deserves the same, maybe even more, recognition than Miss Fox. I mean, look at how amazing she is here. Don’t you agree? *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Row Spring 2011 October 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review If you’re a fan of The Row, then this video is for you. Take a behind the scenes look at the Olsen twins at work in their studio, discussing everything from the importance of fabric to their line and who their optimum customer is. Simplicity is key to these twins, and we couldn’t agree more when they stress the importance of cut to an outfit. Check it out below.
Chic Guessing: Feather Ring May 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Can you guess which ring retails for $5 and which one for $150 ??? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The fake crystals/stones gave it away.
Whatchya Think?? August 29, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Hey everyone!! We got a mini makeover! You like?? We felt it only necessary to freshen up our look, it’s been a bit over 2 years since we first started this venture that we called Chic Intuition. When we decided to create a little blog based on the personal chats we had online, we never knew that it would grow to have hundreds of thousands of followers from all over the world. If someone would have told us a few years back that we would get invites to fashion week, guest blog for Glamour’s fashion editor, and meet a whole new group of friends in the blogosphere, we would have voluntarily checked them into the psych ward. We owe all these opportunities to you, the readers. Without your support and kind words, Chic Intuition wouldn’t be what it is today. Keep following, keep enjoying, and keep chic! We have tons of surprises in store for your guys, and we’re just starting the style revolution… You deserve it, you guys r truly phenomenal thanks Love the new look! congrats ladies. love the site I looove the makeover! Here’s to many more years of chicness 😀 I was JUST thinking yesterday that your header needed a makeover! I think it looks fantastic. :] Apricot: You must have ESP! 😉 love it! ooo I like! Oh, I barely noticed…=/ LOL Me likey alot!
Instagrammin’ October 16, 2012 | Tags: Real Life Chic
Influence Much? March 7, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Hmm, though it might only be a small resemblance we have a feeling that the people over at Bebe might have, just might have , had a glimpse at Philip Lim’s Spring 09 collection. Thoughts? *Images courtesy of style.com and bebe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. also reminds me of this one – but i think she had the idea even before monsieur lim: http://www.outsapop.com/2008/08/yes-zipper-necklace-is-unisex.html It reminds me a lot of the line that last season’s project runway winner designed!
At the Phillip Lim Boutique 1 Year Anniversary Party… July 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I disagree! Rachel Bilson looks adorable. And Leona can do no wrong in my opinion. Rachel Bilson does look supercute! Leona Lewis has the right look going but the dress is not fitted properly, the waistline hits awkwardly. She looks a little slouchy… Rachel Bilson looked 10 TIMES better when she took off the blazer. Less metallic is definitely MORE.
Hold Up!! Part II January 31, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic They’re baaaaaaack ! Wow we first spotted them chit chatting a while back, and now there’s even more proof that Nicole Richie and Rachel Zoe are on good terms. Now, let’s focus on what’s even more important: their fashions. We are in love with Nic’s summer kaftan. The colors and loose fit are just what you need for an easy outfit solution. We’ve found an eerily similar cut by Issa which you can purchase here . Happy shopping! edit: We found out that her actual dress is by Issa as well! Ooh we’re good ! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Shopping: Best Under $200 July 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Under $... For all of you fashionable divas out there that don’t have a million dollar budget, here are some pieces that are sure to make a statement for under $200. Great style is all about mixing and matching and with at least one of these pieces, you can take your outfit to a whole other level. 1. LnA Off The Shoulder Long Sleeve Flashdance Top $68 2. Bone Pendant, Wood Skull and Charm in Gold $135 3. Impressionist Ring $175 4. Dolce Vita Sonya Mid Heel Thong Gladiator $164 5. Beau Soleil Reduce, Recycle, Renew Bag $46 6. LuLA Ready Clutch $121 7. 3.1 Phillip Lim Ruched Sleeve Top $175 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Vanessa Hudgens Handbag Chic April 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic I’m the kinda girl that likes hobos. Not the kind that smell weird and lurk in alleys…ya, uncomfortable . The other type of hobos (aka the handbag kind) are right up my alley. Come to think of it, hobo handbags were probably named after the kind of bags that hobos carry, right?. Hmm, interesting revelation. Ok enough blabbing and back to the topic of the day: Vanessa Hudgen’s JJ Winters Suede Zip bag . What do you think? I was kind of on the line about this one, but decided that after a few looks that it’s quite cute. I’m a girl that likes zippers, so the more the merrier, and it comes in distressed black as well! To get your hands on her bag, click here . Oh, and we also recognized her ring ! Loves it. P.S. We just started a twitter page! More on that later… *Images courtesy of justjared.com and maxandchloe.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I LOVE the bag… all those yummy exposed zippers are just too perfect! i think that bag looks cute…. i want it v is so gorgeous! that’s right those zippers are just too perfect I LOVE IT! love u vanessa I went out and got me a multiple zippers bag yesterday from Aldo! YES, ALDO!!! Loving it!
March Wishlist March 22, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks All new arrivals at SSENSE.COM Really love the bag, very cute!
Deal of the Week January 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . these are killer boots!! love them
Chic Guessing September 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess who designed these gorgeous platforms? Click here for the answer. Zara? They are gorgeous! Any idea if they’re available in the United Kingdom? I’d check out Nine West in the UK.
Shopbop Pick of the Day September 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Hot . That’s the first word that comes to mind when we look at these lace up sandals. They’re leather, they’re high, and they’re hot. Oh, and they’re 70% off!!! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Oscar Style Winners- Creamy Confections February 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Taraji P should have won the Oscar and Jennifer is just perfect-not overly done. I absolutely love how several of the actresses were wearing diamond rings on their index finger (jen anniston, natalie portman, etc), v. v. cool
Fall Cravings September 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Can’t believe that the weather is already showing signs of transforming from boiling to brrr . A few years back, I wouldn’t have called myself a winter person, but now more than ever I’ve started to appreciate Fall and all it has to offer, especially in the fashion aspect. I love being able to pile on layers and layers of my favorite pieces. You can’t top the feeling of walking into a restaurant, saying hello to your girls, taking off your leather jacket, and revealing a hot sweater underneath to a chorus of oohs and aaahs . The element of surprise is undeniably fulfilling. I’ve already started with my winter wish-list, and decided to share it with you all: Rachel Pally Turban $88 Alexander Wang Hanne Three Buckle Booties $690 ADAM Long Sleeve Crew Top with Basket Weave $275 Twenty8Twelve Dupree Sweater $360 Madewell Leather Biker Jacket $495 Jerome Dreyfuss Luciene Suede Fringe Bag $795 Elizabeth and James Onyx Snake Cameo Ring with Diamond $225 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Haa I so agree with you on that! Fashion has made me love fall-winter 😀 x
Hottest Pic of the Day July 18, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic The Olsen twins plus an extra sibling into the mix equals style perfection overload. P.S. They’re both toting bags from their new handbag line. Sigh… *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Finally someone in their family who looks like a real person!!!
Street Chic: Leggings November 8, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Forget the leggings, those first two jackets are amazing.
Nicole Richie Chic January 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic If any of you had any doubts of us picking Nicole Richie as one of our top 5 style stars of 2008 , then check out this pic of her out and about and shopping Chanel with her main squeeze Joel Madden. What I love about this look is that it looks so effortlessly chic and yet is very multi-layered which I love. To get a similar look try the pieces below. Hat: Victor Osborne Casablanca Hat Jeans: J Brand High Rise Bardot Pencil Tee: Michael Stars Elbow Sleeve Deep V Cardi: Splendid Tees 1×1 Supima Cotton Long Sleeve Cardigan Sunglasses: Mosley Tribes Hagen Midnight Exp. Polarized Lens in Silver Shoes: Pour La Victoire Bianca in Black Necklace: Juicy Couture Peace Sign Wish Necklace in Two Toned *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. This look is amazing, it screams effortlessly chic just like you said! Well done… BJS *keep it stylish*
If you are a size 10… December 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here .
Shopbop’s Ultimate Closet (Spring Edition) April 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com
Tallulah Morton Model Chic January 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of fashr.com , thecobrasnake.com , zeduce.org , and titomedia.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i absolutely love her! she’s gorgeous & always looks so effortlessly chic!
Fall 2010 Makeup- Nude Lips and Fresh Faced February 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. In Love with the Fresh Face~
Spring 2010 Makeup Trend October 6, 2009 | Tags: Makeup Chic *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rachel Roy Spring 2009 September 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Loving the printed pant with the crisp white blouse look. I actually sported that style back in 2002. Glad I saved my printed pants P.S. I know this is off topic, but doesn’t the girl on the far right look exactly like Mandy Moore? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. wow, she totally looks like Many Moore! I love the dress the mandy moore look alike is wearing. Any idea where I can find it? Thank you!!! Usually shopbop.com and net-a-porter.com receive the latest stock of Rachel Roy’s clothing. It’ll probably be a couple of months before the Spring stuff hits stores so be on the lookout
Celebs Heart Jacquard Sweaters January 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Try: Urban Outfitters BDG Intarsia Shawl Collar Cardigan Gemma H Long Heart Jacquard Sweater *Images courtesy of gossipgirlfan.org, and photos.ashleytisdale.org.
Topshop Spring 2009 Part II February 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review We previously showed you ladies the first images, and now here’s the second installment of Topshop’s Spring 09 line. We are in awe of the pieces, so boho chic they scream Spring! Though we mentioned that the styling wasn’t up to par in the first photos, seems like the people over at Topshop heard our cries and got their game together this time. Yay! *Images courtesy of flickr.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cool Cover Ups April 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks The sun has come out, and summer is on the horizon. We can’t wait to start getting our tan on, and what better way then to go at it with style. We love lounging in chic cover-ups, and are assuming you’d love it too. So take a look at our picks for some poolside glamour: Brette Sandler Swimwear Alexis Voile Cover Up Diane von Furstenberg Anulah Cover Up Eternal Sunshine Creations Pullover Cover Up Brette Sandler Swimwear Alexis Ombre Cover Up
Winter Kate by Nicole Richie June 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
Damn You’re Ripped! July 28, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find Just wanted to prove a little point to you Chic eristas out there, when there is a will, there is a way. If you really like something, I mean really really covet it, you’ll probably find a much less pricey version. Now, it won’t be easy mind you, they won’t look the exact same, since good things aren’t just handed out to everyone. But it’s oh so worth the struggle. Want a pair of those uber hot black distressed jeans? Now imagine them for 1/5th of the price. Both are hot, one is designer, the other is just easier on the wallet… oh, and turns out both sites are offering Free Shipping till July 30, and you can get 15% off the Alloy pair, with code DEAL15!!! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The only problem is that you can’t use both promo codes at the same time. Use AKHAFF for free shipping. It saves you more money. Thanks for the tip! I’m excited about these jeans.
Chic Alert: Colin Stuart Studded Booties January 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We’ve been receiving inquiries since we can’t even remember asking where to find these booties that every fashionista on the blogosphere is donning. We always had the disappointing answer of ‘ check eBay ‘, since these shoes were created exclusively for Victoria’s Secret online, and obviously sold out by the time you could say ‘ hotness ‘. Well ladies, good news. These babies are back up for grabs. For a limited time only, you can purchase them online (and for half the price may we add)! So hurry and get your studded booties fix before it’s too late. *Images courtesy of victoriassecret.com , karlascloset.com , fashiontoast.com , taghrid.blogspot.com and stylorectic.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have them too!looove it Have you heard of anywhere else having them lately??? I HAVE A PAIR OF THESE IN BLACK FOR SALE. THEY ARE SIZE 6 AND I WILL TAKE BEST OFFER! EMAIL ME AT christinerrojas@gmail.com
Julliane Moore Chic November 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Julliane Moore really stole the show at the premiere of The Private Lives of Pippa Lee! It’s nice to see that she managed to look adorable without being too vampy ( ahem Blake Lively ). Anyways, Julliane’s choice of a pale pink dress with black accents really complimented her fiery red hair. This ladies is the perfect night on the town look. Check out our attempt to recreate the look below. Just a small warning- donning this look may make you want to dye your hair red! Temperly London Cobra Silk Dress Falke Black Luxury Silk-Blend Opaque Tights Tory Burch Leather Ankle Boots *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Who is the designer of the original? its beautiful Viktor & Rolf! It is beautiful!
House of Harlow Chelsea Sunglasses April 1, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks The whole world has been anxiously awaiting the arrival of Nicole Richie’s cat eye sunnies she’s been prancing around in. We all knew they were by her brand, House of Harlow, and we all knew they’d be available for purchase, at some point. Well, good news! They’re available here for Pre-Order! Retail price? $138. Not too shabby! *Images courtesy of singer22.com and nicolerichiefashion.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I LOVE IT
Spring 2009 Makeup Trend October 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks We said it once and we’ll say it again: fresh faced is sooooo 2009. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i like…
Happy Halloween from Singer 22 October 31, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Cheap Chic: Tribal Style October 8, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic Can you guess which dress is $220 and which is just $63 ??? I’m guessing the one on the right is $220.
They’re Baaaack! March 31, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic I kind of had a feeling that Whitney Port and her ex-boyfriend Jay we’re going to get back together once the cameras were off. Check out the photographic evidence below. As usual, Whitney never fails to impress us with her fashion choices, and we couldn’t help but notice she’s toting the Rebecca Minkoff Supernova Stud Devote Hobo . On a side note, don’t you find it funny that Jay seems to be the one dressed up here and Whit is sort of dressed down grunge style? Seems like they traded style tastes. Maybe they traded roles in other aspects of their lives as well. We wonder if that means Whitney’s finally holding the reins in the relationship? Guess we’ll find out on the next season of The City… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Black Friday! November 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert 80spurple.com Online Clothing Boutique
Chic Reads of the Week October 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Tips to Get Celebrity Fall Hairstyles 2008 (Chic Stories) Celebrity Sightings (Couture in the City) Fashion Week With a Lot of Seoul (iPapier) Le Fashion Exclusive: Interview with Stylist Taylor Jacobson (Le Fashion) It’s Tuesday- meh (My Lookbook) Madonna’s Gun Sandals- Chanel Miami Vice (Style Frizz)
Kate Bosworth Makeup Chic October 31, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic While many blogs have emphasized on recreating Kate’s outfit from last night’s Blackberry event, we Chics were more in awe of her gorgeous makeup. It’s been awhile since we’ve helped you achieve a celeb’s fresh-faced look and Kate’s is the perfect face with which to make a comeback! To get her look: Face: Rub You Rebel in Lite all over face and neck. Eyes: Brush Bare Essentials bareMinerals Glimmer in Sunshine onto eyelids from lashline to browbone. Next, line eyes with Clinique Quickliner in Black/Brown . Lastly, use the Lancome ÔSCILLATION – Vibrating Infinite Powermascara on top and bottom eyelashes. Cheeks : Apply a few drops of Benefit Posie Tint onto cheekbones. Rub it in using tips of fingertips. Repeat until desired flush is achieved. Lips: Slick Dior Addict Ultra Gloss Reflect in Organza Pink onto lips and VOILA you’re ready for a night on the town! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I LOVED how she loooked. Her outfit was fantastic too. Any ideas on that? Is this her ‘official’ makeup or just a version of it? Thanks much. It’s our version of how to get a very similar look
Inspired: Denimology May 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Picks We were so inspired by this video of a gorgeous girl by Jake Davis, that we decided to re-do her outfit. Everything from denim on denim to her shades scream 90s cool. Check out the video above and then take a look at our picks: *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Critic’s Choice Style Sinners January 9, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Eva Longoria- She seems to always be wearing some version of this dress or another. Kristen Bell- A walking metallic garbage bag. Amanda Bynes- A little too casual for an event like this. Katy Perry- A cross between a negligee and a dress. Heavier on the negligee side. Angelina Jolie- One word, MATRONLY. *Images courtesy justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Juicy Flagship Opening- NYC November 10, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Who knew that the opening of the Juicy Couture flagship store in NYC would attract so many celebs (including male hotties… Penn Badgley Anyone?)??? Everyone looked amazing and ready to party! If you’re as sorry as we are about missing out on this event, check out some snapshots below. It’s just like being there right? Not really *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that girl from ‘gossip girls’ looks amazing in that lime green color… i wish i could pull something like that off!!
Juicy Couture Juicy Girl Promo August 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert If your a student than you should check out these sweet deals going on right now at Juicy Couture with their Smart A#* Juicy Girl promo – bring your student ID to any Juicy Couture retailer to get 20% off full price items until September 8. You can also score a free Juicy Couture Dorm Room Kit when you buy a tracksuit between August 19 and August 24. This promo is for IN STORE purchases only – you can redeem at any one of Juicy Couture’s 61 retail locations across the U.S. Just print out these codes to get the special discounts: *Images courtesy of juicycouture.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Topshop Sequin Top August 6, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Kimberly writes: “ Hi there! I love Chic Intuition and I always know that you can help a fellow fashionista in need I came across these photos of Hayden Panettiere and instantly fell in love with her feather sequin top by Topshop. However, it is now sold out on their UK site. I love the elegance of the sequins and beading with the mint green color and feather shaped detail. Can you please help me find a very similar top with the same elegance?! In the mean time I plan to wait it out on ebay for the same one or a restock on Topshop Thank you! “ Hi Kimberly! Thanks for the love. Well, we looked all around for a similar top and we were completely unsuccesful until we were working on another story looking for dresses and stumbled on a very similar piece! Yay! It’s the MLH Selena Floral Sequin Dress and I personally think it will look amazing belted over a pair of super skinny jeans and some heels. Hope this helps! Hi Kimberly,
Quote of the Day April 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find — Lynn Yaeger Legendary fashion writer quoted after getting laid off from The Village Voice after 30 years of commitment. I know it’s a bit late but we just found this and loved it . Returns? Proves they are like the rest of us. *Image courtesy of papermag.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic- Staple Piece October 20, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Cannes You Look this Good? May 27, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic The answer is yes! But only if you take inspiration from these beautiful girls at the Cannes Film Festival. Their looks are the epitome of easy, breezy, summer chic! I’m especially digging the striped top and oversized sunglasses look. Don’t real-life (and not alien celebrities :p) well dressed people make fashionable style just a little more tangible??? You should ask Chic Freak, she actually made me go shopping for her to help recreate a previously featured fab street chic look. Can you guess which one? Hint: DVF! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. loving the girl with the white top nude pants and tan sandles she looks cool:)
The Aqua Closet June 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review Remember a while back when we posted about Aqua, the affordable fashion line sold exclusively at Bloomingdales ? Well, they’ve just come out with a new lookbook and we.are.in.love !!! They’re 10 must have pieces for the perfect Spring wardrobe. And when we say perfect, we really mean it. Every single item is under $90, except for the leather jacket. We’d highly recommend taking a look at the pieces online . You won’t regret it. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. This line looks like lots of fun and it really is a great price for bloomies.. I love the floral dress
Target Go International November 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Wow! After taking a look at the newest Target GO International Private Label collection , I just had to share! Show and tell baby and this time it’s goooooood! My fave look? The purple ruffled tunic of course. Love, love, love it! Also, a little birdie told me that a huge high-end designer is collaborating with Target for his own budget couture collection. His name? Alexander McQueen!!! Sounds familiar right? I thought so… OMG!! I’m jumping in excitement!! thanks for the news!
Camila Alves Handbag Collection August 8, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Review Seems like everyone is jumping on the “handbag designer” wagon. We support any great designer like the next chick, but we honestly won’t buy an item just because a celebrity designed it. Camila unveiled her boho inspired handbag collection entitled Muxo (“Goddess of the water” in an African legend) at Kitson, LA. At least she’s doing some good with her profits, the collection is associated with Stand Up To Cancer and will soon be releasing a SU2C handbag. What do you think of the extra extra fringed up handbag Camila is sporting? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I didnt like the one she was wearing, it was too much, but her other bags were pretty. Sorry but as an “African” I wanted to point out that there is no such thing as an African language. Africa has many countries with many different languages and the comment above about the origin of the brand name is kind of ignorant. Sheila, we didn’t mean to offend you or anyone else. Sorry we meant to say “African legend” and not language, it was a misprint. We are well aware that there are numerous countries and languages within the continent of Africa, Chic Critic herself is from there! Unfortunately, that was the amount of information provided to us from our source, and if we can find the specific country the MUXO legend hails from, we’ll be sure to inform you. I don’t like the bag Camila Alves is wearing. I went to check MUXO website and… You’ve got to be kidding me, right? The website was poorly done and the bags are not that special at all. Tell Matt I say hi. I am speechless to hear that Muxo is Oxum in reverse. Oxum is a goddess of MACUMBA, which is black magic sect from Brazil. Google it and you will see!
Affordable Line We L.O.V.E- Mink Pink! May 28, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Shop here @ chickdowntown.com! i looove minkpink! the floral bustier dress with zip is so ’90s!
BCBGirls Malaya August 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get yours here . *Image courtesy of bcbgirls.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Blair Waldorf’s Striped Dress July 22, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic While many of you raved about Serena’s (aka Blake Lively) outfit while shooting Gossip Girl, I personally loved Blair’s striped dress and hot pink strappy sandals look! So much so, that I ended up searching for and finding the exact dress. It’s actually at Bendel’s and the best part is that it’s on sale! Yay! Remember when we’d find you the stuff after the episodes and it would all be sold out??? Well now, we are attacking each outfit while they’re still shooting. Here’s to planning ahead! xoxo, Chic Critic *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thanks,Do u know Where to get her pink sandals Hmmm… Not sure but I think they might be these Lanvins http://www.barneys.com/Tie%20Back%20Gladiator%20Sandal/151105516,default,pd.html. These are Christian Louboutin Pink High-heel Sandal Shoes
Chic Interview: Stylorectic January 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview She might be new to the blogging world, but we have a feeling that this girl has some lasting power. Her posts are sweet, short, and damn hot (just like her!). Take a look at what this 31 year old girl hailing from Vienna has to say about everything from peeing in public to how hot her grandpa is. Loves it! Then head on over to Eszter’s blog … Chic Intuition: The first thing we noticed about your blog, it’s grunge-alicious! We love your take on rocker chic. How’d your style evolve? Eszter: Thanks hun. There is so much inspiration around. I am constantly evolving. Hopefully forever! Also I am not the graceful type I guess. I kinda feel like a lipstick-tomboy who loves to get down and dirty and feels and behaves awkwardly from time to time. Altogether I feel more comfortable on the tough side. Yes. Chic Intuition: It takes a bit of guts and a lot of time to blog. What got you into the blogosphere? Eszter: I planned an online shop first, therefore the name and first posts. It was kinda a test. It still is. Hey, I still don’t have a clue wtf I am doing. The blog is relatively new and I didn’t think about a concept or so before. Its big fun and definitely the best thing about it is that you meet amazing people around the globe you would never get to meet otherwise. but also i feel awkward posting myself sometimes, you know? I don’t take clothes or myself too seriously and I am shy and sometimes also pretty insecure. So it’s a challenge too somehow. A fun one! And hell yeah, its a good cause to buy more shoes! Chic Intuition: What are your picks for top shopping destinations, online and off? Eszter : Must be definitely eBay , I buy nearly everything there! Also etsy.com , asos.com . For shoes: eBay ! And some skankaliciously good shoe retailers like VS , Bebe …And when money is flat: gojane, urbanog. Others are the usual ones like H&M , AA , Zara , and a few national shops around town. Chic Intuition: Are those zipper leggings we caught you wearing? So dope! Did you make them yourself? Eszter: Oh no, mommy ‘Hot Topic’ made them for me. I suck at sewing big times. Chic Intuition: You seem to be fond of black, like our past interviewee Jaime. If you were told you could NEVER wear black again, what other color/s would you opt for? Eszter: Oh I love every color and wore all of them. The only color you will never see me in is light blue and maybe other pastels (except nude). I just don’t feel good in them. Chic Intuition: We know your blog focuses on the fashion in your life, but how about some details about your personal life. Tell our reader 5 interesting facts about yourself. Eszter: I am extroverted-introverted. I guess the longest I’ve gone without sleeping were 4 days. I like to pee in public places from time to time. I pretended once to be member of a sect to get a bed to sleep in. I am kinda convinced I will die in a tramway accident. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: how bad is plaid? Eszter: Grandpa looks fly in it. Can’t be that bad then. *Images courtesy of stylorectic.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love herrrrrrr (style) probably one of the best dressed chicas in vienna, if not the best. hot hot hot. Love her! She has amazing style! oh she is great! seen her on chictopia & am so glad she started a blog! her fotos r definitely ones of the hottest eye candies around 😉
One Necklace Two Ways November 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Rosie Huntington-Whitely Chic July 3, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic With a role as leading lady for the new Transformers movie, Rosie Huntington-Whitely has been looking mighty chic on the red carpet these days. Her style is a mix between vixen and girly and the result is absolutely priceless. We are loving every single look she’s donned so far and can’t wait to see what else she has in store as she makes her rounds promoting her new movie. We gotta admit, Jason Statham is a very lucky guy… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Ahhh Rosie, she is so beautiful that I barely dare to look xx
SAG Style Sinners February 2, 2011 | Tags: Not Chic Jane Lynch: Grandmother of the bride. Melissa Leo: If she were purposely looking for a dress that would reflect off every bad angle, it wouldn’t have been as good as this one. Winona Ryder: The posture, the layers, the hair, the bag. Nothing seems right. Amy Poehler: Bo-ring! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com. Graphic courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Noni is a mess. I wish she can stand back up soon
T-Shirt Love December 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Lately I’m finding myself obsessed with T-Shirts! I know I may be a little late to jump on this bandwagon but the T-Shirts I’m loving are not the light cotton basic type, but actually the embellished and reinvented kind. I recently bought a light grey cotton tshirt whose collar is lined with a silver chain and am on the search for others. My latest admiration goes to this amazing Valentino Red Bow-Back T-Shirt whose look and pricepoint really make a girl swoon. Hurry up though because this baby got sold out within minutes of it arriving and I’m pretty sure it’ll happen again!
Zac Posen for Target In Stores Today! April 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The much anticipated Zac Posen for Target collection is finally in stores today!!! Hurry up and head right over because we have a sneaky suspicion that these babies wont last for long. Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Adorable collection!
Kate Bosworth Cheap Chic June 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Do we really have to keep repeating how big of fashion fans we are of little Miss Kate? So after spotting this image of her on Knighttcat ‘s blog, we had to get you guys the look for less. We can safely assume that 75% of her outfit is Chloe, therefore also leading us to assume that the total cost of her look with be in the thousands. How much for the duplicated look? $219. Happy Bargain Shopping! Silence & Noise Strapless Jumper Bebe Shimmer Boyfriend Long Blazer DV by Dolce Vita Women’s Kent Buckle Ankle Boot *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Bootylicious September 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Kell on Earth February 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Did any of you catch the premiere of “Kell on Earth” yesterday? The show is basically a behind the scenes look at the high-powered and fast-paced world of fashion PR featuring public relations guru Kelly Cutrone. She’s been called one of the “coolest, most intimidating persons ever,” and, judging from her frank demeanor and fashion world credibility, it’s easy to see why. Cutrone balances running her wildly successful fashion PR company, People’s Revolution, juggling Fashion Weeks in New York and London, with being a single mother and one of New York’s most notable women about town. Personally some of my fave “The City” moments always had Kelly involved. The lady knows how to make good reality TV. Take a look at the preview below, and if you like it we’d recommend tuning into Bravo Monday nights 10/9c. kelly cutrone is hands down my favorite bitch ever. have you read her book? i’m sure it’s hilarious.
Chic Find: Leather Jacket Love December 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Image courtesy of alloy.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. too awesome!!!! aw, the site says it’s made of PU leather though. of course, the price was too good to be true leather. hehehe!
Sienna Miller Chic August 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic What do you do if you have to appear at three shows all in the same morning? Why, change your outfit three times of course! Check out Sienna during her promotion of G.I. Joe yesterday. Girl, keep your stylist. That’s all we can say. Couldn’t even decide which look we liked most! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
A Lesson in Street Chic Part 3 December 23, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i dont understand it when u say street chic, u photograph them or what Nope, these are pictures from photographers around the globe who snap fashionistas just prancing around. But we collect our faves and place them here for you guys to enjoy
Rachel Bilson Chic March 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic My does Rachel Bilson look hot here! Do you think it has anything to do with her cute fiance in the vicinity? I sure do! Well it looks like Hayden only enhances Rachel’s style superpowers and the result is effortless chic. Perfect for our ever-changing spring weather. To get the look… Diane von Furstenberg Picerno Sweater BALLY Women’s Edwina Boot Nobody Mod Straight Leg Jeans in Rapture T by Alexander Wang Classic T-shirt Ksubi Bayliss Sunglasses Goorin Brothers Pinotxo II Pinstripe Fedora Hat *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
One Day Only! December 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Exclusive to our readers: Use code “chicintuition” for 25% off!!!
Rachel Zoe Project Finale October 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review I can’t believe the season is ending! I mean, feels like we just started getting our daily lives in check around Monday nights. For example: “Hey Chic Freak, wanna grab dinner tonight?”, pause and think what tonight is, “Oh hun, I can’t. I have a….dentist appointment”. Why lie? No friend wants to hear that they’re ditched for a TV show. So I guess the lying might stop now… Want to hear what’s in store for the last episode? After her recent struggle with Vertigo, Rachel gets strict doctors orders that she needs to slow down or she will wear herself out. The solution? Rachel calls a team meeting to announce that Rodger will be taking over the business side of Rachel Zoe Incorporated. But how will this affect Taylor’s role on the team? With her frustration with her job at a breaking point, Taylor finally confronts Rachel with her issues and her future on Team Zoe – will Rachel honor her requests or will Taylor quit?
Rachel Bilson Makeup Chic September 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Tips Ummm… wow ! Talk about Rachel working it! Her perfected matte face and shimmery bronze eyes are coupled with a shy nude lip, and we know you all want to copy her! To get the look: With a wet sponge, apply YSL Matt Touch Foundation SPF 10 onto your face and neck. An important secret is to always apply foundation in upward motions; helps ward away future facial sagging! Then slowly rotate blush brush onto apples of the cheeks with Sephora Smashbox Blush. I love applying blush to my face as a first after foundation, this helps your face pop. With your fingertips, apply the lightest shade (Bouquet) on the Stila Eyeshadow Pan pallete all over your eyelids and browbone. Then smother your lids with the medium shade (Jezebel). Finally finish off inner and outer eye corners with the darkest brown shade (Espresso). Smudge Clinique Quickliner in Dark Chocolate on upper and lower lashes. It’s ok to be messy, that’s our fave part about the smoky eye! Look up, and generously apply Givenchy Phenom Eyes mascara to upper lashes. Finally, look in the mirror; SMILE and apply Vincent Longo Wet Pearl lipstick in Dahlila Fresh! Viola! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and sephora.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Piercing? April 21, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Mary writes: “I want to get the upper cartilage on my ear pierced. But, I’m not sure how chic it can look before it becomes white trash. Help me decide!” That’s a great question Mary. We’ve been wanting to discuss this subject for awhile on the site, but didn’t know how to approach a sensitive matter ( sensitive in the sense that we’d offend readers who had one too many piercings themselves! ). So, we decided that we’d be honest and just give our personal opinion. Like we said, it’s our own opinion, so you’re free to disagree! Can you sense that we’re begging for the hate comments to slide this time!? Back to what matters: We think that there should be a limit to the number of piercings a girl should get per ear. For us, the limit would be 3-4. Why may you ask? The ear is such a delicate feature, and just because you can’t feel a whole lot of pain when inflicting it with a needle doesn’t mean you should just go ahead and stab at it as you please. Note our choices for ‘trashy’ celebs who don the trend; they scream 1992, and not in a good way. On the other hand, we love how Rihanna and Hilary chose to just adorn their ears with a few pierces. We also love how they chose tiny earrings for their additional holes. We’d avoid duplicating the same number on the other ear, the effect just cheapens the whole concept. Hope we were helpful and…um…Happy Piercing!! *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and rumorhazzit.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I completely agree with this. I think too many piercings give off a tacky look, no matter how chic you dress. Then again, some people can really pull it off. (I happen to think that Scarlett Johansson’s septum piercing is pretty cool-looking.) I think it’s a personal preference, & one that I don’t particularly like myself. I completely agree to that too many piercings look tacky, i have my lobes and tragus pierced and am planning on getting my second lobes and one upper cartilage then im done…
Forever21 to Launch Plus-Size Line March 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Forever 21 is tapping into the ‘plus-size’ market, launching a line this May called Faith 21. The average woman is a size 14, but most designers don’t produce beyond a size 10, so the mass marketer has decided to up their sales by representing the largest retail field in US society. Can’t wait to see what they have in store, and we’ll preview the first images of the line once they come out. *Images courtesy of forever21.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Nail Art: Hot or Not? November 19, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic We weren’t really sure how to categorize this post, as you can tell by the contradicting choices above, and we guess that further proves the point of this post. What’s your take on nail art? Celebs seem to always find different, and sometimes cheesy, ways of adorning their nails, even sometimes stating their political views with a few swipes of polish (we’re talking to you Eve). How necessary, and mature, is nail art? Is there a specific forum where it’s appropriate to have little butterflies, stripes, and swooshes on your nails, or can you get away with pretty patterns in a business meeting with your boss? Personally, I think to each her own, and if you’re a performer, have some fun with it. But if you have any links with the corporate world, then stay away (or at least wait till the weekend)… *Images courtesy of people.com , killahbeez.com , and haiba.cn . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I never really understood this trend.. but most of my friends in japan get there nails done religously. They get these crazy ass designs .. i’ve seen beaches with palm trees… different sodas on each nail … spongebob squarepants … rhinestone covered nails.. crazy shit. its cool. but i don’t see myself wearing any of that. yeah me 2 im not a Big fan of this trend too.. but i love eve’s nail its So hot LOL!
Street Chic August 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Video , Street Chic love this! great idea ladies!! keep up the great fantabulous work!! thanks Trendini! xoxo
The necklace that… August 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love that t-shirt!
Chic Trend: Hippie Headband July 7, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert You know you’ve spotted a Hollywood trend when you’ve seen it more than three times in one week. The newest accessory of choice? Hippie headbands! With bohemian chic as the current obsession of the moment, it only seems natural to top it off with this quirky accessory. Fret not girls, we’ve found a way to get you an amazing one of your own! Check out this gorgeous Peacock Headband from Madison LA. If that one is a little too pricey for you, try this equally hot Daisy Strand Stretch Band from Free People. Now find your most flowy maxi dress or tunic top and pair it with this piece to become the talk of the town… Any press is good press right? *Images courtesy of justjared.com and imnotobsessed.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i like this trend, but unfortunately i think you have the whole look to pull off the head band.. you also have to have the right shape head huh!? Ya I agree you have to have the whole bohemian thing going to wear this style headband… Now regarding your head shape comment (lol!) I think any shape is ok. well I don’t think you have to have the whole look. the look just has to be simple and casual enough so that the headband doesn’t clash. for ex. a tank, skirt or skinnies, flats and the band. or u could just go for the whole look ;P as for head shape, it doesn’t matter, you can adjust where the band sits on the forehead, higher or lower till it works with your face and head, or you could wear it like vanessa. totally hot! are the head band available and been sold in malaysia? they sold it randomly. i’ve been searching for many times. lol
Z Spoke by Zac Posen March 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert It’s finally here! Zac Posen for the masses. Well, not really for the masses, but for people who can afford to pay a few hundred on a piece rather than a few thousand! The advantage? I’m sure, unlike the Target diffusion line, the quality of these pieces will be just as good as the originals. I honestly am a fan. Just because the pieces really embody the trademark Zac Posen design philosophy at a fraction of the price. Just as in lust? Shop the line at saks.com . btw, Fashion Rules had a great interview with Mr Zac Posen http://fashionrules.com/2010/03/an-exclusive-fashionrules-interview-with-zac-posen-in-los-angeles/
Femme by Hilary Duff for DKNY Jeans II July 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Talk about trying to tease the hell out of us! The second batch ( and by batch we mean two not so high resolution images ) of Hilary’s line for DKNY was just released to WWD . We have to admit that we’re not digging Hil’s bomber, but that fringe top just looks hotter and hotter every time we spot it! Oh, and guess who shot the campaign?! The Sartorialist! Can’t wait to see the full collection, don’t worry ladies we’ll post a reminder once it’s in stores and online. *Image courtesy of wwd.com .
Ask Chic: Blake Lively’s Look July 16, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Gossip Girl Chic Chic Reader Talar asks: “ I was wondering if you could identify some of the clothing Blake Lively is wearing in this shot. Thanks a lot!” Props to you for noticing how hot she looked here Talar! The stylist at Gossip Girl sure does excel at his job… He’s noted to have said that his aim when dressing the characters is to go for accessible fashion for the fans. It’s not different in this case, where he’s mixed low with high: Chelsea Flower tie dye vest ($79) T by Alexander Wang Pocket Tank ($74) Forever 21 Amanda Denim Short ($15) Winifred Grace rhinestone fringe necklace 17″ ($355) Winifred Grace Pink Rhinestone and Pearl Fringe Necklace ($405) BE & D Cosette Hobo ($895) *Images courtesy of jessicastyle.com, instyle.com, and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Versace October 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Yes, I’d like one Strawberry Milkshake with a double shot of fierce. Thanks. *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Yum! i love it ….
3.1 Phillip Lim Studded Short Gloves November 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Topnotch Topshop December 31, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s been a while since we’ve last visited one of our most coveted online shops: Topshop . So we decided to head on over there ( oh my God the online traffic was hell ). Once we arrived, we couldn’t decide which category to start with, too many choices, too little cyber time. Since it’s still winter in most of the world (sorry Aussies), we thought we’d show you our fave cold weather choices. Honestly, there’s a few more items we couldn’t fit, so try heading there yourself. Just remember to visit before rush hour *wink wink*. *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Flats Under $100 June 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks I’m currently planning a trip to Paris, and am in dire need of some chic flats for walking/shopping purposes. A good pair of flats are really hard to come by these days, especially for under $100. So I took the liberty of documenting my finds for your readers, hoping to spread some cheer to a chic fashionista on a budget. Happy Shopping! ALL BLACK Women’s 70079 Woodstock Flat $51 Report Women’s Ilana Ruffled Ballerina $60 BCBGMAXAZRIA Women’s Allie Flat $88 Arturo Chiang Women’s Kiara Flat $79 Steve Madden Women’s Kobraa Ballerina Flat $54 *Images courtesy of endless.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Tracy Reese Fall 09 February 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Tomato Red Pouts May 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find “In ancient Greece, red lip paint was largely the domain of prostitutes.” Hmm..I’m starting to think that we shouldn’t have begun with that quote. Actually, I take it back, since we all know that the trend traveled from the street to the elite over time, and now the highest of the high don the trend. I, like most of you, have been on the hunt for the perfect red lipstick for quite a while now. And I think I finally cracked the code. I was out on a mini shopping spree with one of my besties yesterday, and she had on the most magnificent coral/red lipstick. Upon further investigation, I found out that the shade was by MAC, and called Lady Danger ( ooh, I’m so biting my tongue to avoid placing any puns here ). I’m actually calling the closest MAC shop to inquire if they have the shade in stock, and am going to get a-goin’ right after posting this. Oh, and yes I’m planning on wearing it out in the daylight. Bloody orange lips just scream brunch outing donchya think?! *Images courtesy of style.com , and maccosmetics.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. think it would look good with a tan? Ruby woo is also gr8. Another color thats so hot n looks good on anyone esp. with a tan is rebel its dark fuschia-red! AMAZING! I think i have Rebel..or somthing very similar from mac! Either way ill try it out! Thank you Sara!
Topshop Spring 2009 January 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review We’ve all been given the honor of getting a first glimpse at the Topshop Lookbook, and we have to say bra-vo ! Although we might not agree with some of the styling ( come on, the b&w flowered blazer with the colorful flower pattern dress? ), we know that there are endless options to each and every piece separately come layering time. *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. anyone know when these will be available online? FJ: They’ve already started to sell a couple of pieces online, like the aztec leggings. So we’d recommend constantly checking back for the items you liked
Mary Kate Olsen Chic July 14, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Few can pull off the just got out of bed look and make it look put together. Mary Kate Olsen is no exception, usually looking like she got dressed in the dark… However, once in awhile the pieces that she ‘oh so thoughtlessly’ puts together somehow seem to work. Today is one of those days! As she exits her bf’s place, MK manages to look nonchalantly put together and we love it! To get the look: 1. Monoflora Chiffon Blouse $20 2. H81 Aimee Denim Bermuda $25 3. BDG Men’s Slouch Blazer $78 4. Gladiator Knee High Buckle Thong Flat $33 Total- $156!!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
LuLu*s Love February 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The ever so generous people over at Lulus.com have offered our readers a 15% off promo code ! You’ve got a while ( till March 4th to be exact ) to pick and choose from their affordable finds. Just type CHICINTUITION at checkout and you’re good to go! Take a look at some of our faves available at Lulus.com. Bonus? Most of the items are under $50! *Images courtesy of lulus.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexander McQ for Target II November 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert The first pieces of information about the collab between McQ and Tarjaay have been release by WWD. Here’s what the designer had to say of his inspiration for the line: “We use icons in British music, and [Liela Moss] stood out. She’s a great-looking girl and has a personal style. It fell into the idea of the New York underground music scene. It was more the atmosphere she portrays.” And more on the line itself: “The collection has a muted color palette of black, white, gray and tan with accents of cobalt blue and bright pink. Studs and mesh give items an edge. There are studded jeans, shorts and denim jackets with asymmetrical closures, short tuxedo jackets and matching shorts, dresses in a blue and white painterly fabric, a one-shoulder dress in a gray-and-black zigzag pattern with a thick black belt, and a T-shirt with the image of Moss. The designer’s favorite pieces in the line include “the pink and black pieces and the little prom dresses.” The images below are (left) of Leila in in a cotton mesh dress and rayon tank from McQ Alexander McQueen for Target, and the image on the right features a Silk-screen cotton jersey T-shirt over cotton and spandex denim pants by McQ Alexander McQueen for Target. Personally, we’re not feeling it yet. Pretty plain jane if you ask us, but we’ll give it the benefit of the doubt and wait for more images before we reach a final decision. *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i am soooo incredibly excited. i must get my hands on a few of the pieces!
90210mylord September 18, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized I couldn’t have said it any better. US Weekly really nailed it with this cover. Honestly, while watching the first episode of 90210.2 I couldn’t help but notice how scrawny the female cast was. Is this where we still are in 2008? New actors feel like they have to be stick thin in order to make it in the harsh world of showbiz? I’m not going to answer that question since I have no experience in the entertainment field, but will conclude with this: eat a doughnut, both of you! *Image courtesy of usmagazine.com . crazy disgusting. eat a hamburger. yuuuck! and people think im thin…this thing is serious
Chanel Temporary Tattoos February 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Poll We’ve all heard the expresssion “Chanel is in my blood” but are you ready for it to be on your skin? The newest innovation from the house of Chanel is a pack of 50 temporary tattoos for $75. They are an interesting concept considering that most of us can’t afford their pricey baubles and yet can get a similar look for a lot less. What do you all think? Would you don them ? *Images courtesy of refinery29.com and static.guim.co.uk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Those rock!! i gotta say, i think these are pretty classy. ha! some ppl don’t want to get real tattoos and i’m sure most ppl don’t exactly want a permanent logo branded on themselves. but i like these! i don’t know, curious to hear what others think. I love these tattoos!!! I think these are amazing! I think if i got the temporary tattoo’s I would end up wanting to get them permanently tattoed. They are so pretty. Chanel tattoos = genius! I think it’s ridiculous. I love Chanel and I absolutely adore Daddy Laggy, but I won’t be jumping on this bandwagon. Why would I pay 75 bucks for fake tattoos? Excuse me? Completely ridiculous! They’re pretty but ridiculously expensive. I would buy, and wear, them otherwise. My auto reaction is NO, but the neck tat is kind of cool. But reality: Nope, I wouldn’t pay $75 for these tat’s I only use temp when my kids bring home something goofy. Nice idea but too expensive chanel really is in my blood… it’s where my name came from but i would never pay $75 for a temporary Chanel tattoo… if im gonna do it, im gonna pay the same price and make it permanent I’ve seen the photos of the legs, were they had it done. I would get those done as permanent, they look awesome
Side-Parts January 16, 2013 | Tags: Chic Tips I’ve always been a side part kinda gal. Something about having my hair split right down the middle always looked off-balance ironically enough… So imagine my delight while perusing through Elle and discovering that side parts are a definite DO in 2013! Above is a compilation of my favorite side part looks off the runway. Tell us, will you be shifting some hair over this season? *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Jimmy Choo for H&M Collection November 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Can you believe that the Jimmy Choo for H&M collection will be hitting stores November 14?! Yes, it’s that close. This exclusive capsule features accessories, bags, shoes and apparel for men and women, marking the first time H&M collaborates with an accessories brand as well as Jimmy Choo’s first foray into apparel. The collection brings rock and roll glamour at H&M prices to all. We just had to feature one of our faves, Whitney Port with Jimmy Choo Founder and President Tamara Mellon. *Images courtesy of hm.com.
Rachel Zoe to Launch Her Own Fashion Line June 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review This seems like a long time coming! According to WWD , The Rachel Zoe Collection, in partnership with with LF USA, will be a lifestyle brand — contemporary accessories, shoes and apparel, for now, with the possibility of home down the line — that will launch in better department stores, specialty stores and e-commerce worldwide for fall 2011. Zoe said nothing is designed just yet but expect to see “faux furs and incredible leather jackets and great trousers. Subconsciously or consciously, my whole final goal — I don’t want to say final because that sounds very like it’s the end — but I would say my ultimate dream scenario was to be on the design side ,” said Zoe. We can’t wait! What do you guys think? *Images courtesy of zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Congrats to her. I hope she is as chic as her mommy! Good luck with everything.
No No No! November 16, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Anyone else not feeling Katherine Heigl’s latest ‘do? The girl is only 29, but looking at the Margaret Thatcher hairstyle, you’d think she was in her 50s. Next time Katherine, reach for the straightener… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and time.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I think Katherine Heigl is one of the most beautiful women on the planet (she is some amazing sight in person I can tell you)..but I don’t like her hair here either. It looks incredible when its longer…I wish she wouldn’t go for the short look. dying laughing. not on team heigl, D i think she look fab
Blazer Chic September 7, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Put alllll her man-stealing drama aside for a second, and focus on her outfit. Did you cool down yet? We know it’s hard to appreciate someone’s look when the media is bashing their personal life, but we cannot ignore Sienna’s chic gray (reminiscent of her mood?) look. Loving the matchy-matchy top, and beige pants. Only thing we’d do differently? Add a pop of color with neon pumps! To get her look (but not her habits): Rag & Bone Lady Chamberlain Blazer in Smoke Fluxus Deep V Burnout Tee in Storm Helmut Lang Skinny Hollywood W.B. Pant in Cement Davis by Ruthie Davis Core Hidden Platform Neon Pump *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Katie Holmes for Miu Miu January 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic I gotta admit that when I heard Katie Holmes was named the new face of Miu Miu, I was very skeptical. It seems they have a knack at choosing the wrong models ( ahem ahem Lindsay Lohan and Kirsten Dunst) so I thought that Katie would be someone along those lines… After seeing this ad from Vogue UK, though, I must admit I am pleasantly surprised! Katie looks absolutely beautiful and that dress looks amazing on her! She really should think about steering her own personal style in that direction (a mix of glamour with a slight edginess). Miu Miu, I’ve wronged you. Good Choice! *Image courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. That is not a good photo , i have a feeling the mean girls on gofugyourself.com is going to enjoy this. I think it was the right choice too! great interview with Stylorectic btw! she is inspiring! Big hugs from Lis in Sweden xoxo MUCH prefer this to the lolita spreads with kiki and la lohan.
Loco for Lulu*s May 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Lulu*s.com is the best example of an online shopping destination that offers stylish fashions at affordable price points. They’ve just updated the site with tons of new styles that we’re sure you’d guys would love. Bonus?? They’re offering Chic Intuition readers an exclusive discount code for 15% off! Ya, like their prices could get any lower?! Just type in chicintuition at checkout. Offer valid till May 15th. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of lulus.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh, sweeeeeeeeeeeet! I love a good bargain! Thanks guys!
Light as a Feather October 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Beauty is in the details. I love it when I find a piece, whether it be a dress or a small brooch which embodies the true meaning of art. When it comes to jewelry especially, I really appreciate items that seem so small yet so thought out. Take this ring for example. It’s tiny, but with one look you know that a lot of intricate thought was put into its design. Love it. *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: Pandora July 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview This stunning French fashionista first gained recognition when the glorious Sartorialist aimed his lenses towards her. After a huge uproar from the style community, and many a request to start documenting her wear, Louise decided to start her blog Pandora . Chic Intuition: What encouraged you to start a blog? And what was your reaction to the great press in the blogosphere once your site was up? Louise: I got lots of encouragement from people I know who pushed me to make this blog. Plus, there was a great deal of remarkably positive feedback from the blog world, which made me very happy and determined to continue what I started. Chic Intuition: How would you categorize your style? Did it take long for you to develop a personal sense in fashion? Louise: I can’t really define my style, it’s a mix of the influences around me and all the styles that I witnessed and discovered when I was younger. All these helped me develop a personal style. Chic Intuition: We notice that the ratio of artwork to your outfit images is about 50/50. How influential is art in your day to day life (and style)? Louise: Very important, because I study art but I also have an intense passion for it. What’s more, art inspires me on a daily basis, it shows in the way I decorate my studio or the in the way I dress. I love to draw inspiration from clothes (or an outfit) in a painting, not to copy the look down to the littlest detail but mostly to interpret or capture its essence. Chic Intuition: We just ADORE the glasses! Spill on where you got them please! Louise: They’re Wayfarers from Ray-ban. Chic Intuition: Where do you do most of your shopping? And if you were to recommend the best places to shop in France, what would you say? Louise: With my student budget, I go to a lot of ‘friperies’ (thrift shops/second-hand stores).. I can’t simply afford to buy designer goods. I love the thrift stores of the Marais quarter in Paris. They’re not expensive and there’s also the thrill of scoring an absolute treasure. If not, for shops of the better kind, you can find plenty of them in London’s Brick Lane quarter. Chic Intuition: To this day, what do you honor as your best purchase? Louise: A stunning pair of Pierre Hardy court shoes. Chic Intuition: Since our personal French dictionary only consists of the words bonjour and bonsoir 😛 , what’s your occupation? Anything to do with fashion? Louise: I’m an art history student but I want to delve into fashion some time, particularly in the history of fashion. Chic Intuition: And finally, time for the philosophical question. How short is too short? Louise: It’s way too short when someone tells you on the street you forgot your pants! *Images courtesy of misspandorapandora.blogspot.com and vonedar.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. may i borrow your glasses? 😛 ah, she is so different! it’s great
Alexander Wang Denim Leather Jacket July 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find On the heels of my last post, where I poured my heart out about my very serious medical condition ( AlexanderWangititis ring a bell!? ) you can image the feeling I got when Net-a-Porter put up this latest denim concoction. It’s a re-release of a well known similar combo from last season, at much less a price tag. The perfect mix of leather and denim, and spotted on everyone who is everyone in Hollywood (before us mortals might I add), I knew I had to take plunge and…ok not purchase it ( hey, I just came back from Paris! ) but at least keep an eye on it. You never know, I might let my gaurd down for a couple of minutes..say tomorrow at work..when I’m..uuh…bored. Get yours here for $595. But please don’t get it in my size. *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com and profashoinelle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i adore this jacket. def have to pick up one. Love Alex Wang and this jacket. Is it just me or does Kelly Osbourne look an awful lot like Harry Potter in that picture!?
Blonde or Brunette? August 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll Kim made her first public appearance as a highlighted honey yesterday at the Teen Choice Awards. She says it’s the first time she’s ever colored her hair, let alone gone blonde . So let’s hear the verdict! she looks like jLO! but i like the highlights she looks a lot like beyonce i think! i must agree she looks like Beyonce with the highlight! Ya, you guys just basically proved my point of why I’m all for the darker do. Now she looks like everyone else in Hollywood, the Kardashians were synonymous with their jet black hair. i think she looks like beyonce/jessica alba/j lo With blonde hair, she looks more Spanish/Hispanic. Though she is a tramp, blonde makes her look exceedingly trampy! Her signiature black hair was perfect for her. Guess she needed a change. P.S Why is she famous again? For her sex tape, huh? im skeptical of her nose… i wanna say she got a nose job…cuz it looks slightly less bumpy in her 2nd photo..and a wee bit skinnier. she looks stunning with her light honey high lights gives her a smoky hot latin look, specially with her curvy hipz!!! gatta love it!muahhhh! smuch love.! omg…i love the new hair…no matter how she does her hair she still looks gorgeous..she can pretty much rock anything… i love her neww hair much better!! love her so much!! I think the Kardashians are know for their dark hair, but i actually like her better blonde I LUV HER HAIR LIKE THIS ITS SOOOO LOOKS GOOD ON HER!!
Chic Interview: stylestalker July 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Interview Seems like we’re on a high for anything Aussie these days, so we decided to interview one half of Australian fashion label stylestalker . It’s fresh, stylish, and most importantly-reasonably priced. The force behind the line? Two young friends, Rachel and Sue-Ann, self-confessed style addicts. “We were drawn together by our mutual addiction to ‘stylestalking’; scouring magazines, trawling the web and traveling to all parts of the world to devour all things style. We decided to create a label to satisfy our fashion cravings.” Take a look at what Sue-Ann had to say below: Chic Intuition: Our love for Aussie designers is growing by the day. The amount of talent there is overwhelming. What got you into clothing design? Sue-Ann: My best friend Rachel and I were obsessed with clothes but couldn’t find anything we wanted to wear which was within our price point. So we decided to create our own. I think that’s why there is so much great designs coming out of Australia, cause you just need a great idea and anything is possible. Chic Intuition: Coming up with ‘new’ creations in fashion can sometime be quite an aggravating experience. Where do you two find inspiration when you reach a dry spell in design? Sue-Ann: We find blogs really inspiring. The way that girls put stuff together and add their own little touches the world of fashion blogs is pretty amazing our faves are zanita.com.au, fashiontoast.com, 4thandbleeker.com Chic Intuition: Please tell us about your latest collection. Sue-Ann: Our latest collection (will be on the website in July) is called “wipeout” and it is inspired by the fun surf beach culture of Australia. Lots of easy shapes, interesting dye’s and killer LBD’s Chic Intuition: Anything in store for the future of Style Stalker? Where do you see yourselves ten years from now? Sue-Ann: Not too sure, hopefully a shop somewhere fabulous… *Images courtesy of stylestalker.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I directly headed over to her website and instantly loved it! As always, we can count on you Chicerista’s to find us great stylish people to inspire us even more 😀 One word, FABULOUS!! Goodluck on opening a new shop!! Thanks guys! xoxo
Gilt Groupe Glory June 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ladies, listen up, and hurry up! The Gilt Groupe sale of today is irresistible. Big names like D&G, Vera Wang, Viviene Tam, and Christian Lacroix are all up for sample sale prices. Check out one of our fave picks of today’s sale. If you haven’t already, join Gilt Groupe ( by invitation only ) by clicking here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The Hottest Couple Around January 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We have to admit that we’re hard to impress, and so is most of the internet public. Thousands of images appear online, images of the latest celebrity coupling prancing and dancing away on the streets of Manhattan and Los Angeles. But we have to blatantly state that we are in pure awe every time we catch a papz shot of the stars of The City. Whitney and Jay are the perfect example of a pair who manage to keep their personal styles unique while complimenting each other simultaneously. A merger between rocker and fashionista that we absolutely adore. Please keep the relationship intact, if not for your own satisfaction, think about the millions of admiring fashion fans *wink wink*. *Images courtesy of thehollywoodgossip.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. awww! there soo cute together!
Flat out fun October 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here ( and for 45% off! ). *Images courtesy of bollare.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rachel Roy for Macy’s August 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We’re excited to let you know that Rachel Roy’s new affordable collection for Macy’s Rachel | Rachel Roy is now available at select Macy’s stores across the U.S.! The Rachel | Rachel Roy collection includes affordable contemporary sportswear, footwear and accessories. The collection will be offered exclusively through Macy’s Inc. at select Macy’s stores nationwide and on macys.com . The entire collection will also be available for purchase on RachelRoy.com starting on August 26, 2009. The Rachel | Rachel Roy collection captures a fresh and youthful look that reflects today’s culture by mixing elements of downtown cool with uptown chic at affordable price points. The line will retail from $59 to $299 for sportswear, $79 to $199 for footwear, $40 – $195 for jewelry and $69 to $109 for handbags. We showed you a glimpse of the items that are available online , and we’ll make sure to remind you again come August 26th! Can’t wait for those hot accessories! *Images courtesy of www.flickr.com/photos/rachelroy . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Oh Drew, we’re so into you. August 27, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic You’re on a roll! Work it girl!!! *Images courtesy of drewbarrymorefan.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She has looked damn good lately. Get em Drew, but don’t hurt em. I love it!
Topshop A/W 2009 July 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review I was checking out the Refinery29 blog and noticed that the Topshop Fall 09 lookbook is finally out, and we must admit that the designs are looking ferosh !! The season is separated into four themes: Marianne, Highland Fling, Manhattan Cocktail and Horror Girl. The collection is starting to hit Topshop stores and Topshop.com already, so keep an eye out since we’re pretty sure the masses will come out for this collection. What do you guys think? We personally have fallen in love . *Images courtesy of refinery29.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuitin LLC.
Line We’re Loving: Liz Claiborne March 31, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Let me start by saying that in the past I was never really into Liz Claiborne. It was just too matronly for me and the fact that it was my mother-in-law’s favourite label only further proved my point! Well, I don’t think she’ll be too happy with the new collection since it’s absolutely youthful and super-trendy thanks to Mr Isaac Mizrahi. The pieces are gorgeous and are, in my opinion, perfect for a working woman! Check out my fave looks below and if you are as hooked as I am click here . Happy Shopping Ladies! Love that shade of blue!! It is like the new navy 😉
Net-a-Porter USA Sale!!! November 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Click HERE to enter. *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. why is it that when I try to click Enter site (USA) , it re routes me back to canadian site?
Shop it to the Bop! December 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Click on the image below to get 20% off at Shopbop!
You know you wanna. September 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Fierce!!! When I first saw this pic of Rihanna ( on the left ), I pondered who her hot leather shoulder top was by. Then, I noticed that what was creating that look was her messenger bag by Fleet Ilya ! Talk about major fashion feroshness. I mean..come on. A bag that doubles as a fashion statement that doubles as a shoulder adornment? I’m so in. EDIT: Would any of you be interested in buying it? Tell us what you think. *Images courtesy of fleetilya.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Someone should say something about her hair… PLEASE!! Oh my god I am DYING for this!! I MUST OWN IT! I would definitely wear that…DEFINITELY. I would love to own this!!! Very innovating…I like the shoulder…contraption? Would definitely wear it with a different style for the bag. Possibly something more boho chic or a larger messenger bag–like an actual messenger bag for biking. Yeah! I love it! I would definitely buy one.
Alexander Wang Overdose? July 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review Is it possible to overdose on a designer? By overdosing we mean, can’t get enough of his/her stuff, and keep imagining our closet filled with their items, and then we image ourselves wearing them on a daily basis. Phew!! Well, personally we think it’s impossible, and we think that there should be a name for our certain symptom. It’s called AlexanderWangititis , and we have it. The cure? To purchase at least one of his bags. What we love about his stuff is not only the fact that they actually look better in person, but compared to other designers his bags are pretty reasonable price-wise. Thank God for Shopbop , since they seem to have to most up to date collection of his. Happy Shopping! Brenda Zip Bag in Denim Leather $740 Eniko Gunny Sack $620 Hilary Large Tote $890 Donna Hobo $785 Tina Zip Clutch $590 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. im having the same thing. im in love with everything alexander wang.
Street Chic ‘Red Pouts’ Edition February 2, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love it!! Red is always a good option and a safe choice! BJS *keep it stylish*
Don’t give me your back. January 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find But if it looks this good, then you can. *Image courtesy of becauseimaddicted.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Target Go International Private Label January 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert After seeing these pics of the fifth Target Go International Private Label collection, I’m a little bit on the fence. On one hand I love the ruffle bottom vest and the grey corset, and yet on the other hand I feel like they may be trying too hard to look tough with the slashed leggings and studded belts. Either way, I think the main issue is with the looks themselves and not the actual pieces. Each paired alone or differently will definitely give hot results. Available in February 2009… can’t wait! *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. haha, the tights come pre-ripped? kinda silly. i agree though, i’m loving the zipped corset top! i like it!
Do NOT miss out! July 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Click HERE to check it out!!!
Isabelle Marant Studded Boots for Less August 26, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com and nordstrom.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Collina Strada Launch Party August 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Stella McCartney+Net-a-Porter Capsule Collection May 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The wait is over. Stella McCartney’s exclusive summer 2009 capsule collection has just gone live ! The 23 piece Stella McCartney capsule collection has been created just for NET-A-PORTER.COM and includes a unique collaboration between Stella McCartney and iconic British pop artist Sir Peter Blake and their limited edition print which features across 7 of the styles. To invite you into the world of Stella and bring each unique piece to life, Stella and NET-A-PORTER have produced four original film episodes which will be going live every day this week, beginning with today’s episode, Magnolia.
Runway to Realway: Lanvin October 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find
Shopbop Sale Alert! October 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
aMuse Me January 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s an item every major designer can’t live without: a muse. Now, don’t think their sole purpose is to just stand, look pretty, and inspire creativity. They even serve as personal nurses, psychiatrists or even jewelry designers to the mega-designers. Ugh, what naggy personas they are those designers. But you have to admit, life would be so dull without their sensational style creations… *Images courtesy of blog.news.com.au, .telegraph.co.uk, nymag.com, and fashionologie.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. It is always interesting to see who is inspiring which designer. My fave muse of designers was the late Isabella Blow.they will never be another quite like her. muah! Marian ideas courtesy of Elle December 2009?
Is this what love feels like? March 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Im pretty sure it feels like it or at least close to it!! Amazing shoes they’re just adorable and hot at the same time =)One should feel like royalty when walking in them! love them! and i love the graphics too! great job D! IM IN LOVE WITH THESE SHOES — i agree with “fee” amazing graphics! is “fee” FAYFAY by any chance?!?!? Thanks guys! Haha yes Dandan ‘Fee’ is Ms Suga Sammi..aka Fay.
Balenciaga Style for Less and Other Style Phenomenons… July 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find that was great Hi love your blog, but i just wondered how to you like these style.com video’s posted on your blog? thanks Lady Vivian sorry I didn’t really catch what you were trying to say. But I’m guessing you were asking how we post these vids on our blog? There’s an icon that says embed with a code, just copy paste it into your post window.
A Lesson in Street Chic Part 4 June 16, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. black and white is always flattering, great post
Chic Guessing: Spiked Up August 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess who these shoes are buy? We’ll give you a hint: it’s not Louboutin. The second hint? They moderately retail for $200! If you give up, then check them out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love these Same Edelman pumps. I blogged about them a few weeks ago and then saw them at my local Dillards. They are even better in person! http://agirlsguidetoshoes.blogspot.com/2010/07/ummm-yes-please.html Uber sexy! Kudos to Edelman. I loooove these shoes! Mine are on their way home 😀 These are totally fab!! Getting a pair as we speak! on hsn web you can pay these off with 4 payments of 50$..+ they still have the white ones:)~
Celebs Love… March 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Fall Trend: Candy Colored Tights August 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I’m so happy my purple tights are still IN!! And i think the office secretary has the striped onces in green, red, and blue, which she combines with hot pink sweat socks and knee length corduroy skirts. Yes, we have our very own ugly betty!
Gray is the New Black November 1, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Last year it was all about the black nailpolish. Then navy was the only way to go. Now, the color of the moment is gray nailpolish! Note that this color lies along the ‘risky business’ lines, taking goth to a whooole new level (ummm, like the fact that you might literally look dead). So make sure to pair gray nails with bright colored clothing, and a good mani. Or else someone might be calling the Dr. for an autopsy… *Images courtesy of glamour.com and opi.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. OPI My Private Jet is a great alternative to black as well. Dark grey with sparkles!
Backstage at Alexander Wang September 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Tips *Images courtesy thecobrasnake.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I can get use to that.
No No No! November 8, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Ok we know she was only going to cast her vote, but Xtina whats up with the outfit?! I wouldn’t even let my grandfather go golfing in that hat… *Image courtesy of jusjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I like it fine!
If all else fails… May 5, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Try Bobbi Brown Pot Rouge for Lips & Cheeks in Cabo Coral , or Trish McEvoy ‘Gorgeous’ Lip Color in Demure . *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Amen. You know what’s a great nude, surprisingly enough? Blistex Lip Tone. It’s fanfuckintastic.
Pantone, Pantone Everywhere! March 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Seems like Pantone is the new Black! What is Pantone ? They’ve called themselves ‘ the global authority in color ‘ and they’re joining forces with the fashion world to stir things up this year. First off, they created a Fashion Color Report where they sat down with designers who chose colors that they each felt were trendy for Spring 2008. Then, we heard that they deemed Mimosa the color of 2009. Now, we’ve seen Henry Holland was inspired by the ‘Color of Ideas’ for his latest runway show. Talk about taking color blocking to a whole other level… *Images courtesy of pantone.com and insideout.topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Treesje Metro Clutch in Real Life July 28, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic Remember last month when we had the Treesje Giveaway ? Well, I’m sure most of you forgot about it by now but we were very eager to see if we sent the clutch to a good home. After receiving photos from Chic Reader Crizelle we can finally put the matter to rest. Obviously the clutch has gone to a home where it will be worn with style if this picture is any indication. We love how she paired it with a blazer, floral dress, a belt, and gladiators heels. This my fellow Chicers is a surefire formula for fashion success… Bravo Crizelle and congrats!!! Hotness! Btw i luv how you did a follow up about the clutch, i think we were all curious (and jealous) to see who ended up with it!
Olsenboye for JC Penny October 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert According to NYMag, JC Penny has invited a select few to preview their latest collaboration with highend designers Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen! Honestly the moment we heard about this, we were in shock. Didn’t seem like something the Olsens’ career path was going towards, especially since they’ve worked so hard to move away from their Walmart kids’ line. Still, that doesn’t mean that we aren’t head over heels about the news. I mean, Olsen clothing for JC Penny prices? Count us in. *Image courtesy of olsenlove.org . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love them! http://www.FashionSnag.com
Teen Choice Notties August 10, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Amanda Bynes: We know Herve Leger really works for you but you’ve made that point oh so clear! Sometimes not stepping out of your comfort zone can be a fashion no no. Alexis Bledel: A girl with her heart in two places. Her dress says fancy yet her shoes say edgy. Next time try listening to only one of the fashion voices in your head. Miley Cyrus: Ummm… can I get a SKANKY??? Nikki Reed: Lesson number one, the cut of a dress has to be edgy enough to carry the print. Lesson number two, a hot clutch and great shoes can never save a mess of a dress. *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I thought Nikki Reed looked amazing! But I agree with you on the rest. Miley looks terrible! And whats with the weird face she is always making? Ugh. I completely agree! I’m not sure what these girls were thinking… Amanda Bynes looked fine, but she DOES need to start taking risks so I agree with her spot in the list. Miley Cyrus, skanky AS ALWAYS! She ruins every outfit on her!
Cheap & Chic or Cheap & Bleak? December 14, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic So we know imitation is the best form of flattery etc etc… But we don’t think Anna Sui would be that flattered if she saw the shot Topshop was trying to make with their ‘ Studded Sleeve Jacket ‘. So they cleverly made a few changes with the positioning of the studs and cut of the jacket (we’re guessing they can’t afford a lawsuit like the one Ms. Sui dropped on F21) but they turned a good thing into a….bore. What do you think? *Images courtesy of style.com , topshop.com , and elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hmm..I actually like the topshop version more… the topshop version is kind… hideous. the anna sui bolero is absolutely breathtaking though! im loving the annie sui one! its funny how designers say they came up with their own design, its not true, they roam the streets at night and copies young people, like anna sui is that cool
Chanelling Jackie O! January 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Our first lady Michello Obama looks absolutely stunning on her inauguration day! Something about her outfit choice looked so familiar until I stumbled upon this pic of Jackie and John Kennedy. Once again the Obama family proves to be quite smart as Michelle chose to modernise the look of the only first lady that was, and still is, considered to be a fashion icon. For the first time in years, the first lady actually looks modern, stylish, and yet sophisticatedly elegant on this big day. Let me say that there have been some major fashion crimes committed by our first ladies over the years (Hilary’s dress anyone?)! Even President Obama is channeling a little of John Kennedy with his long coat over suit type thing. Here’s to hoping that their fashion sense is a good indication of their reign as President and First Lady because, if so, I think they’ll do great! Oh and on a side note, didn’t Malia and Sasha look absolutely adorable in their bright J Crew coats? *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I totally agree! I think she looks so fab!! It was a beautiful day all together!
Custo Barcelona Spring 2010 September 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Dedicated fans like ourselves were not disappointed when models sashayed down the runway of the Custo Barcelona show. Ones not to shy away from color, we loved their generous display of splashes from all over the spectrum. Every single item was a true statement piece on its own, and together, well let’s just say we’re sure the diva in us would jump with glee if we threw a whole outfit together. Named “Air Show”, the collection has been built around the concepts of movement and lightness. Don’t you just see Beyonce, or Sasha Fierce , accepting an award in one of these numbers? *Images courtesy of europapress.es . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love, love, love!
No, No, No! July 21, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic Ok, just preparing this post was scary enough for me. I cannot look at this bag anymore. Freaks. Me. Out . Marni, what the heck?! Why oh why must you create a bag that looks like a weave?! Who, in their right mind would buy this? Oh ya, the world is filled with weirdos. I swear if this sells out on Net-a-Porter … *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Ugh, this is HORRIBLE! It brings me back to the days when my sister wore hair extensions and left them all over the place. But seriously, this bag is scary. Would you have to brush it? Just imagining how it would feel is absolutely GROSS! I know! Ew and imagine wearing it to a restaurant and placing it near your food…GROSS!!! WOW, that is ONE UGLY BAG. That bag is unbeWEAVEable…it really looks the back of a girl’s head who has a VERY bad weave… or one of the really long haired dogs on a bad day…
Shop Till You Drop August 29, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized First of all P.Diddy,, I eat you??
An Oxford Education March 11, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks With Summer on the horizon, we think it’s time we all invest in a pair of chic flats. Instead of opting to go with the typical ballerina, why not take the risk with a pair of oxford’s? They look great with almost anything, and the best part is that they’re comfy! We love these Nine West Ronnie pair, that come in a number of colors. So go with the menswear gone glam trend, and enjoy! Best part? There’s a special limited time promotion going on, where you’ll receive 25% off at checkout ! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of stylebakery.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I bought a pair of Oxford’s a year ago. Still wearing and loving them!
Chic Guessing: The Answer! July 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll And the answer to yesterday’s poll : *Image courtesy of fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Wow. I am actually floored. I need this dress. knew it
Hearting Topshop, what’s new? February 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hi Is the black top available on the website now? Cant seem to find it anywhere. x Wow debbie, the top seems to have sold out already! That’s the only con about Topshop, anything hot flies off the racks (and website)…
Revolve Sale Picks July 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks The best thing about living in a place that has long summers, is the fact that we’re not even halfway through the season, and all the online stores have already started their Summer Sales. The latest online destination to join in on the fun is Revolveclothing.com . They have hundreds of items for 30%-60% off, and we’ve taken the initiative and picked out some of our faves. We’re in a good mood, so all our picks are under $100! Happy Shopping! Funktional Zip Skirt in in Black $48 Ella Moss Bali Top in Soleil $61 Dolce Vita DV By Dolce Vita Saint Sandal in Black $49 Shyde Floral Jumpsuit in Blue $95 Rock & Republic Rowley Boyfriend Tee with Chain and Studs in White/Gunmetal $68 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Guilt Free Shipping November 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert In celebration of their 2nd birthday, GILT is offering free ground shipping on November 13, from 12:01am ET through 11:59pm ET. Remember, it’s an invite only website, so if you haven’t already joined just click here . Including Canada? I doubt it
Want.Now.Please October 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Image courtesy of maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Cute bracelet! It reminds me of Kenneth Jay Lane bracelets. i want one too!
I want… August 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks the Jonas Brothers’ wardrobe! Nick, Kevin, and Joe… Please ‘look me in the eyes’ and tell me where you buy your clothes! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Looks We Love for Less! August 15, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Why does it always feel like we’ve won the lottery when we see celebs wearing normally priced items? Items from names like Target, UO, Bebe… you get where we’re going with this . Honestly, you have to thank the stylists behind their genius of mixing high with low end designers. Celebrities are like the rest of us, and the fact that a ton of people aim at eluding similarities to their fave stars, makes seeing them out and about in affordable clothing feel like, well, a million bucks. *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Matalan does the exact same snakeskin gladiators for £12! (about $20) x I like the black outfit!
Celebs love… May 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Interested in a similar look? Try to achieve it with this Black Blazer and LnA Tank . *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i need a blazer. i love the blazers.
Balmain Babe June 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Remember how we’re always saying that Kate Bosworth is a walking Chloe campaign ? Well these days, seems like Beyonce is in full support of Balmain. Check her out on these numerous occasions donning the über expensive stuff. Think she buys retail??? *Images courtesy of justjared.com , denimology.com and nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. NO! She just gave an interview about how she gets send thousands of dollars of handbags just per month and how she’s cheaper than that and wouldn’t really buy them, so unless she’s a big liar mcliarface, I’m sure Balmain is sending her a buttload of clothes. Jealo! I’m seriously lol’ing at Mcliarface! hehe ya Mcliarface=genius 😛 I sooo want that military jacket! She wears his collection well. I’m especially drooling over the vest at the moment. Be honest, she needs to re-think her style. Beyonce is to heavy to sport Balmain and most high end designers. The Black 80’s inspired jacket looks better on petite bodies or at least thinner frame. She looks redic!!!! To be honest I think she looks absolutely fabulous! We shouldn’t expect everyone to walk around in clothes looking like they are still on a hanger. Real women have curves. We should celebrate that and not put them down for it. FYI I think if you see Beyonce in real life you’d be surprised at how thin she really is. She’s only a size 6 for God’s sake!
NY Fashion Week Style Mavens February 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What dress is rachel bilson wearing? She’s wearing Max Azria.
Femme by Hilary Duff for DKNY Jeans February 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert Ok. Stop, and take some time to focus on what I’m about to say please. This is one of the rare times that I’m actually head over heels about a fashion line created by an actor. We didn’t even know that Hilary Duff was working on a collaboration with DKNY, let alone expect to be disappointed. But to our surprise, the first image of her in her line’s duds had us in a wonderful style daze. I mean, the fringed tee is genius!! And don’t even get us started on the asymmetrical vest. Kudos Hilz, kudos. The line (which is reasonably priced at $20-$60) comes out in August. Mark those calenders! *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I’m loving the fringe! Can’t wait to see the line in store! This had better be available in the UK or else I shall cry! I am loving the top!
Rag & Bone @ shopbop March 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Video Take a look inside the line with one of our fave models, Lily Aldridge. If you like what you see, shop Rag & Bone here . Love the collection!
House of Harlow 1960 October 19, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Back after popular demand , here are the latest images of Nicole Richie sporting some items from her jewelry line House of Harlow 1960. We love the items, so hippie chic! The headband, bracelets, and rings are all from her line, a collaboration with Mouawad. Take a look and then watch this cute video of Nicole’s appearance on Ellen, where she briefly mentions the line (around the 5 minute mark).
We love you Rachel but… December 14, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic we couldn’t help ourselves. We respect your professional choices, but we don’t agree with some of your personal ones. For your own well being, please pick up a snack. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Wow; she looks terrible! Poor girl… She looks like a 60 year old women in a 12 year olds body. she looks malnourished
Chic Interview: Raissa from Brigid Catiis May 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview These days, it’s rare to find an innovative, contemporary designer, but what’s even more rare is finding one with an eco-friendly line that’s also fashion savvy. Brigid Catiis is the product of a young Los Angeles based designer, who’s obsessed with vintage clothing and accessories. “It felt good knowing that I was the only one that would be wearing my outfit- guaranteed.” After college, she shopped regularly for vintage and soon began making re-creations from vintage clothing, each one uniquely distinct from the other. We got a look at the items up close and personal, and saying that we were blown away is an understatement . The 2nd best part about her 100% green line? The affordable prices. Read on to hear more from the designer and then head on over to her website . Wanna buy? Check out her pieces on revolveclothing . Chic Intuition: Let’s start with the obvious question, what got you interested in fashion design? Raissa: One word: vintage! Having been an avid vintage shopper for almost 7 years now, vintage gave me a history of fashion. I realized that fashion never repeats itself, it just re-invents. It sparked a deep interest and now a love because fashion is a true expression of one’s self. This was made evident through vintage shopping- clothes are expressive in any given era- no matter what! Chic Intuition: We think the idea behind your line is so current and interesting. What made you decide to go green by using renewed vintage fabrics for your pieces? Raissa: It’s funny because I began doing vintage remakes so long ago just for the love of it and the actual realization that I was being the greenest of all green’s came later! I first fell in love with the idea of creating pieces that were exclusive to the person wearing it- one of a kind-always! I knew the best way to do this was to use amazing fabrics that I would see on weirdly shaped dresses and skirts. After gaining momentum from selling to hundreds of women who loved the re-made designs, the light bulb finally went off in my head! I put two in two together and created Brigid Catiis in 2008. Chic Intuition: Do you feel that by not using any new resources you’re creativity, in turn, is limited? Raissa: Yes and no. Yes because I don’t have the luxury of creating necessarily whatever I want. I have to always take into consideration the fabrics that are available to me. However, this makes the design process so much more challenging and therefore, fulfilling. To take something old and breathe new life into the fabric to make a brand new piece takes every inch of creative energy from me, but when I see my ideas come to life from these recycled fabrics, it makes all the effort worth it. Let’s put it this way, it feels like a Project Runway challenge every time I start designing! Like, how do I make brand new women’s trousers from vintage garments? Chic Intuition: What we love about your pieces is that they have a flirty vintage-y feel to them. Do you think that the fabric you use keeps your piece in a relative era? Or do you completely take apart the old piece and revamp it into something more modern? Raissa: Each vintage garment is totally taken apart and made into something else. Most of the time, a dress, playsuit, and even a blouse require 2-3 vintage pieces to create 1 brand new piece. For example, for Spring ’09, I used a lot of denim to make playsuits/rompers. 3-4 vintage denim wrap skirts are required to make one garment, so I have to make sure to buy vintage wrap skirts that are very, very similar in color so that 1 can be created. Yes, it’s hard, time consuming and requires a lot of patience- but I love what I do! Chic Intuition: If you had to choose one favorite piece from your collection, what would it be and why? Raissa: I don’t like this question. I’m bias. I like everything! LOL! If I had to choose just one, which I can’t, I would have to choose 2! Sorry! Rachel and Leah are both playsuits that are easy- easy in terms of not having to think too much to look cute. The pieces are also great for day to night events since it’s casual enough for a bbq, but cute enough to be worn to a bar. I love the fit and how it emphasizes a woman’s waist and both have side pockets. Enough said! Chic Intuition: Now, we have to ask, what line or fashion statement piece do you wish you had designed yourself? Also, just for fun, give us a piece you’re glad you didn’t design. Raissa: I have to give it up for American Apparel. They revolutionized basics and how fashionable it can be. We all own an American Apparel piece for very simple reasons- they’re easy, they’re comfy and they go with everything! American Apparel, in my opinion, catalyzed the t-shirt/tank/leggings/basics staple and they do an amazing job with it! Now, for the piece I’m glad I didn’t design- Uggs. I just don’t get it. I live in L.A. and still see girls wearing them in sunny California. Don’t they make your feet sweat? Chic Intuition: Describe your personal style. What are your three style must-haves? Raissa: It’s hard for me to describe my personal style. I don’t necessary follow trends, but again, just stay true to my taste. I also wear lots of vintage. I would say 90% of what I have in my closet is vintage, so I mix that in with newer pieces. I can tell you that I hardly own any flats and save tennis shoes for the gym. My 3 style must haves are: Animal print: I have been obsessed with animal print since college and I don’t think I’ll ever get over it. LBS: Lovely Black Shoes: Every woman should have a go to pair of black shoes that makes any outfit glamorous! Tuxedo jacket: My Brigid Catiis tuxedo jacket is with me everywhere I go. The tuxedo jacket can turn a jeans and a t-shirt outfit into an amazing jeans and t-shirt outfit! Chic Intuition: Lastly, a philosophical question, how green is to green? Raissa: I don’t think there’s such thing as being too green. With all the information we know now, in regards to the state of our planet, there’s no restrictions on how green we should be. I’ve checked out her collections and it was utterly worth a visit, i love her designs and most importantly it’s environmentally friendly:)Thank you chic for the amazing discovery:) I love how stylish her clothes are eventhough they are made of recycled material. Can you buy her clothes online? gorgeous! Very pretty pieces! Thanks for posting this! omg!! her line is incredible… i loooove this interview sooo much 😀 greetings from Mx
No, No, No! December 5, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic This bag is wrong on so many levels. Not only does it make me crave a Big Mac, but I want to eat that Big Mac while simultaneously playing with my cousin’s Legos. Then after playing with the Legos I think I’ll Google ‘ how to make the ugliest bag ever and sell it for $1,395 ” to try and figure out why in the world Balenciaga decided to make this ‘handbag’. *Images courtesy of google.com , lego.com , mcdonalds.co m and barneys.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Haha. That’s hilarious! You sure hit the nail on the head though. LOL! very funny 😉 seriously, what were they thinking!!! HAHAHA- there is definitely something tres RonMcDon about the bag! LOL hideous!
Chic Inspiration March 24, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Sometimes I like to mix it up and help you get the look of someone on the streets than that of a celebrity. So when I saw this picture of a woman out and about during fashion week, I felt so inspired! Her look is simple and yet crisp and stylish. I love how she layered it with structured pieces preventing her from looking chunky as we all tend to look when bundled up in the winters. Take a tip or two from this woman by checking out my picks below… Milly Gold Chain Wool Coat K Karl Lagerfeld Loop trim Blouse K Karl Lagerfeld Tailored Linen Blend Blazer Miu Miu Crepe Cropped Harem Pants Miu Miu Double Buckle Belt * Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Tulip Skirt January 15, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Shahd writes: “ Hi Dahlia and Sarah! I recently bought a tulip skirt from Topshop and I’m having doubts ever since my best friend blatantly told me that it’s soo 80s and fug. I don’t know why but I was attracted to it , unfortunately I don’t know how to wear it, could you please help me out? “ Hey Shahd! Well it is an interesting choice but being that it has the brushstroke effect and a nice color palette, it can look hot if paired with the right pieces. First, I would wear it with all black to avoid color overload. I also took the liberty of choosing a few more pieces from Topshop to help you complete your look. All in all, if you really want to add a pop of color I would suggest a fun purple eyeshadow and maybe an oversized cocktail ring. Hope this helps! *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. thank you soo much , really helped me out xxx
Alexander Wang Diffusion Line! August 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert This was really exciting to hear, especially since I’m a huge Alexander Wang fan! According to WWD he’s currently developing a less costly label which will consist of “12 styles — from tanks ($28 wholesale) to T-shirt dresses ($40) — all cut in the designer’s signature languid style, with colors ranging from simple whites and heather grays to lavender, chartreuse and cerulean”. “ Necklines are stretched and armholes are strategically lowered so that it looks worn in, ” he explains. “ It’s like sleeping in a T-shirt and then wearing it the next day. It’s not this crisp little T out of the dryer. It’s draped and kind of wilted. ” What do you guys think? I’m sooooo for it! Just the image of his samples on the rack gave me goosebumps… *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. wow my boyfriend’s cut off shirts, i don’t think so. It not that fashionable. Ya you have a point Jen but the cut is totally different. Believe me I have one of his tops and they’re very flattering. Kinda like a men’s t for a woman’s body well, i LOVE THEM! its what alexander wang is known for, loose-fitting androgynous style! When will I be able to purchase them?Will they be offered online? they’re coming into stores spring 2009
Pierre Hardy for GAP Spring Footwear May 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Thanks to our friends at Refinery 29 , we finally have gotten our hands on a first look of Pierre Hardy’s Spring Footwear collection for GAP . Can you say cuuuute? I love the minimalistic yet slightly quirky approach to his designs. I’m especially loving the denim and leather flat espadrille and think it would be perfect for summer! Available on May 10, 2010 online and in-store. *Images courtesy of refinery29.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: Extra 20 Off Net-a-Porter! January 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Gilt Groupe Sales of the Day July 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We had to tell you guys about today’s sales at Gilt Groupe . You have got to check them out, don’t miss it! It’s already started, so hurry before the hottest items fly off the cyber shelves! If you don’t already have an account, here ‘s an invitation from us to you for a personal account there. Happy Shopping!
Spring 2010 Hairstyles December 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Tips Thanks to the runway shows, we all got a sneak peak into what will probably be in come Spring. If you want to be way ahead of the trends, then we’d recommend trying one of these do’s for any upcoming parties and prove your true chic- ism . Take a look at our fave re-doable hairstyles that went down the runways… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Fall Makeup Trend: Smoky Eyes August 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Tips This coming season it’s all about the smoky eye! My personal weapon of choice is Too Faced Lava Gloss Eye Liner . It’s color is so intense and texture is very smudge-able making the smoky eye an absolute cinch for me. If you’re interested in learning the professional way to go about achieving this look, check out this how-to video below. Either way, make sure that you don’t go overboard and end up looking like you got punched in the eye because that would be so not chic!
Chanel Spring 2009 November 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Not Chic A few details from the Chanel Spring 2009 runway show. Looks like some of us will be coughing up around a thousand dollars for stripper shoes with wings! Some of us unlucky ones that is… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Gifts- The Celeb Junkie December 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Ben Amun Long Silver Necklace With Coins $175 2. What Comes Around Goes Around Stencil Tee $75 3. PRPS Plaid Button Down Shirt $185 4. CC Skye Niki Clutch $310 5. Alice + Olivia Cotton Sateen Rolled Sleeve Blazer $385 6. Lauren Moshi Dreamcatcher Short Sleeve Swing Tee $95 Chic Tip: Use code HOLIDAY20 now through December 25, 2008 for 20% off regular-priced merchandise. Hi, do u know what bag she is wearing in the 6th picture?? Thanks It’s a Chloe ‘Paraty’ bag. MK Olsen was also seen wearing the same one. Thanks!!
Hold Up!! November 15, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Weren’t Nicole Richie and Rachel Zoe fighting ?! Flashbacks to ’06 when Nicole felt it necessary to vent on her blog: “BLIND ITEM: What 35 year old raisin face whispers her order of 3 peices of asparagus for dinner at Chateau everynight, and hides her deathly disorder by pointing the finger at me, and used her last paycheck I wrote her to pay for a publisist instead of a nutritionist? HINT: Her nickname is lettucecup…” When did they bury the hatchet, and why weren’t there (hidden) cameras around when this happened? So I guess fashion is thicker than blood pride. *Images courtesy of popsugar . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love them both! they realy should get allong i have to agree with Nicole, her face is un-natural, but i would not go as far as “raisin face”…that just mean.
Grecian Goddess Street Chic September 27, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
DvF Adele Embossed Crocodile Clutch May 6, 2012 | Tags: Uncategorized Get it here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lovely Lace… January 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Ask Chic: Coachella Style April 14, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Nicole asks: “I have a fashion dilemma and thought that I’d come to you for help. I’m going to the Coachella music festival in a of couple weeks and have no idea what to wear! I’m especially stressed out with the shoe situation. I expect to be on my feet for 12 hours (or more) at a time, but I don’t want to sacrifice looks for comfort. Please help!! Thanks…and I love your blog!” We love music festivals! The thing about Coachella is that you need to look good, feel comfortable, and wear durable (washable) shoes. We’ve decided to create two outfit choices with the same pair of rain boots in different colors. Best part? Every item is under $45! Happy Shopping! Romantic: delia*s Livia Floral Dress $44.50 delia*s Caitlyn Solid Shirt $39.50 ASOS Traditional Striped Band Retro Trilby $20 Kamik Women’s Heidi Rain Boot $40 Rocker ASOS Dip Dye Button-Through Jersey Shirt Dress $44 Alloy Revolt Ripped Black Skinny Jean $37 ASOS Key Hole Geeky Sunglasses $17 Kamik Women’s Heidi Rain Boot $40 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. lovely stuff 😀 i like so much the dress and the hat!!!
No No No! July 22, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Ok, we’re all about self expression and the art of Lady Gaga, but what the hell?? I mean, I love Kermit and seeing a gazillion of him hanging lifeless on her chest, well it kind of disturbs me. Gaga, stick to the abstract, but please no more killing off Muppet characters. Guess it’s not easy being green… *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. aahhaa. my sentiments exactly!
Chic Gifts- The Enviromentalista December 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Mad Imports Tusk Nairobi Handbag $100 Zion Rootswear ‘Animals Sake” Tee $19.50 Mad ImportsDrify Nairobi Tote $100 EDUN Sian Straight Jean $195 Larsen Gray Pencil Skirt $130 Melissa Joy Manning Twisted Wishbone Earrings $100 Larsen Gray Pleated Top $119 Charter Club Eco Friendly Bedding Collection $19.99-$69.99 Great ideas
Chic Interview: Hot Chocolate & Mint June 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview At first glance, one might think that our latest interviewee must be an artist of some sort. On the contrary, 24 year old Diana is a marketing consultant with a flare for everything, well, fun! Don’t get us wrong, she oh so amazingly dabbles in graphic design (check out her work below), but imagine how exciting it would be to go to work with such a colorful colleague. Loves it. Take a look at what this fab Jakarta native has to say and then head on over to her blog . Chic Intuition: Diana, we think that if anyone should have an outfit post blog, it should be you. We love how you manage to surprise us almost daily with your unique outfit combos. How much work does it take? Diana: Everyday is a new day to explore on fashion. I don’t think it requires that much of effort and even cash, just our willingness to pause for a moment and try to figure out different ways on wearing the same clothes. Chic Intuition: Seems like you don’t really follow the major trends, rather opting to create trends of your own. Why so? Diana: Trend for me is just a fresh breeze of what’s new at the moment, not a rule that dictates us what is to wear and whatnot. It’s hard for me to determine what’s actually in or out or accept said guides from so-called fashionistas, because I basically enjoy fashion as art and art is very personal. Chic Intuition: Sometimes we find similarities between your style and Harajuku Japanese street style. Quirky colored leggings, mismatched top and pants, and over-sized accessories. We love! Who/what inspires you? Diana: Japanese street style serves as a very good example of how dressing up can be (and should be!) so fun, and I admire them for that! I am inspired by the Harajuku Japanese, in the sense that I try to have as high of confidence as they have. I’m such a random person, and I often have so much random ideas..randomness is my inspiration 😀 Chic Intuition: In Indonesia, are people as accepting of your unique taste? Diana: Sometimes they are, sometimes they’re not. I do often get confused stares, but you could always stare them back, right? ;p Chic Intuition: We’ve noticed that you’ve recently started dabbling in styling. Any future plans in such an occupation (even though you work in marketing–please correct us if we’re wrong). Diana: I’d love to have a clothing line one day, but without the sacrifice of my main job in the corporate world. I love juggling between those two different worlds Chic Intuition: Finally philosophical question time, how colorful is too colorful? Diana: When too much fun brings you no good *Images courtesy of dianarikasari.blogspot.com and poop-art.deviantart.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thank you so so much!!! Ive been visiting her site for almost a year now, and i love it! She’s so different from other bloggers around! Omg so stylish and different! Question, are your shoes Charles & Keith? I always love these interviews! This girl’s style is brilliantly different, I love it. So quirky and fun! i love diana style***..so outfit and to be trend setter for young… last..love these interviews.. i’ve been visiting her blog for a long time. she’s definitely different! 😀 she so cool!!! awww…thanks a lot guys…really appreciate it
Lesson of the Day November 19, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It’s ridiculous how cute that is. i LOVE them! I recently met & worked with them, SUCH amazing girls! So cute! Ha!!! At 1st I didn’t see anything wrong with the picture. The looked normal. Then I looked closely and noticed the gigantic purse and sunglasses. Super cute! Great post. I like this topic: lesson of the day. Keep it up! i like full house twin Mary Kat & Ashy Olsen is my favorite Fashion Icon…:) isn’t they ?
Summer Lovin’ Maxi Dress September 11, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Allow the inner hippie in you to shine like Whitney Port, and her Blue Moon dress. Don’t forget to let your hair down with loose waves for the perfect look. Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Milly Spring 2010 September 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review In today’s Spring review, we decided to feature one of our favorite labels, Milly. Even though neither of us were born in the 1960s, we find the designer’s retro aesthetic completely close to home. Known for looking into the past for some inspiration, and basing her collections on color, color, and more color, Milly’s Michelle Smith decided to take another route this season . She said that “basing a whole collection around the color black felt really fresh and unexpected”, and we couldn’t agree more. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Your to-the-point intro gave me a whole new level of appreciation for her work. And I love your picks! loves it!
Lo Bosworth’s Necklace November 5, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic After watching Monday’s episode of The Hills, I actually had something to think about. No it wasn’t the plot of the episode! Has anyone else noticed that absolutely nothing happens on that show? Well I have! Somehow though, I’m still hooked. Anyways, back to our story, so I was saying that I had something to think about… Oh ya! It was Lo’s gorgeous multi-ring necklace from the kitchen scene. I searched high and lo (no pun intended) for the exact same one and still haven’t figured it out. I did, however, find a very similar and equally hot version. It’s the Yochi Multi Ring Necklace and I’m sure you’ll agree that it’s a nice piece of bling. What do you guys think? *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celeb Party Chic July 28, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Take a cue from any of these three lovely ladies on how to achieve perfect summer party style. I love all three looks so much I can’t even choose a favourite! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: New York Fashion Week Contd… September 16, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What’s the name of the dress with the studs/sequins in the first shot?!! I’m so in love!!!
Ask Chic: Budget Friendly Balenciaga Booties December 28, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic reader Becky writes: “I am dying for a pair of Sam Edelman Strapped Booties (similar to the Balenciaga 06), they’re just gorgeous…Anyways, they were made exclusively for Victoria’s Secret, and they aren’t getting any more. I found a similar pair [at Ninewest] but I am wondering if you guys know of any other similar ones? Keep up the great work!” Ya Becky, the Edelman knock-offs seem to be a hit in the blogosphere, damn those Olsen twins! Everything they wear turns to (sale) gold! Ok so first off, we’d recommend trying eBay for the actual Edelmans (when we last check there were a few up for sale). There aren’t that many strikingly similar versions online, since the Balenciagas were such statement pieces. What we did find were a few wedged platform bootie options. How about trying the France Leather Platform Wedge by Bebe ? Or the Tapeet Lace Up Wedge Ankle Booties in patent or suede (our personal faves)? Hope we were helpful and happy shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. OMG.. I bought the Edelman version as soon as i saw them and have loved them ever since. What I can’t believe however, is that they are going for $500+ dollars on eBay! Makes me want to sell mine…:-) http://www.choice-threads.com hi wait ive been looking for the balenciagas everywhere can someone tell me where to buy them from please asap. thanks I’m selling the sam edelman harness boots that I bought from someone else on ebay for $700 us. Im selling them for 700$ as well. They don’t fit me, but they are STUNNING. I love them. size 8 if anyone is interested leave a comment. You guys are going to be so mad when I show you what I found!! EBAY allll the way baby! these are less that $100.00!!!!!!
Net-a-Porter Mid-Season Sale March 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Launching today, one of our fave online shopping destinations is offering 40% off hundreds of amazing items from the world’s leading designers. For the next two weeks, don’t miss the chance to shop the best spring-chic pieces from Chloé, Roberto Cavalli, Matthew Williamson and more, all marked down to must-have prices. This sale is only for our USA fans, but international readers stay tuned, we’ll inform you once the sale has started for you guys as well. Happy Shopping! Click here to visit. *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hi I was just wondering who makes those sunglasses. Cheers!
On Our Radars: LSDs April 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks No, no not drugs! We Chics haven’t turned to drowning our sorrows over the economic condition by getting high… We’re talking about Little Sequin Dresses! It seems like for this upcoming spring season they’re all the rage and we wanted to let you guys in on the secret (if it’s still a secret anyways). I can imagine some of these pieces looking quite gorgeous under a simple neutral-colored blazer and since I myself have a gorgeous Marc Jacobs off-white colored one, I decided to search Net-A-Porter for a sequin counterpart to wear with it. Check out my faves below and maybe choose one for yourself. Whatever the case, make sure you have an LSD for the summer season. And, again, not the drug! Thakoon Ghost Silk Sequin Dress Issa Oversized Sequin Dress Rachel Gilbert Paige Bow Sequin Dress Preen Asymmetric Sequin Dress 3.1 Phillip Lim Sequin-Covered Dress haute hippie makes lots of flirty and sequin cocktail dresses. you can buy them at singer22.com
Not a Gilt-y Buy August 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Save your pennies ladies!! Gilt Groupe is having an amazing week starting today . All the designers of your dreams ranging from Twenty8Twelve to Rag & Bone. Oh, and do we have to point out the sale we’re most looking forward to? Heart . Remember, this special sale website is invite only, so click here to access all the fun! Sales start noon eastern time each day, first come first serve , limited stock! *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Nine West Spring 2010 November 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We just wanted to share with you an exclusive sneak preview of the Spring/Summer 2010 Nine West collection before it hits stores starting in February. The collections have something for everyone: from on-trend 80’s and metallics, to feminine floral touches and geometric pieces. Our fave pieces? The boho bags. Love, love, love! This is a huge departure for the brand, who tended to lean towards a more classic look. Nine West , if this is the direction you’re taking, then keep on moving forward! *Images courtesy of attentionusa.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Velvet Heathered Slinky Cardigan with Lace Inset August 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Don’t you just love surprises in fashion? From the front there’s only a hint of flirty lace, but from the back… We love asymmetrical hemlines and the lace is a perfect ending to a romantic story in fashion. We know, corney but so true. New to shopbop.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Hi, Love your blog but recently got sad because out of the blue it was gone … like someone else took your domain ??? just wanted to let you know !
Pour La Victoire Lorin Price Cut! September 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert On sale from $220 to $99! Get them quick because these babies are still sold at regular price everywhere else… We suggest the grey but the red are also great for those bold fashionistas out there! Get them here .
Celeb Chic / No, No, No! August 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic This is a first here for Chic Intuition. We’ve never combined a Not Chic post with a Celeb Chic post, but if anyone were to inspire it with one outfit, Victoria Beckham sure fits the bill. Appearing at the release party of her perfume in Manchester, she looked glamorous and divine walking down the red carpet. But, uh-oh , once she turns around, seems like she had a major catfight (pun intended) with a furry friend! We can just hear Peta dialing her publicist!! Body hugging white dress: hot. Furry backpack: not. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Reads of the Week July 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Fashion Tips from Lauren Conrad (Chic Stories) Today’s Beauty: Three Steps To Getting Dramatic and Flirty Eyes (Couture in the City) How to Spot Fake Tiffany (Girl Woman Beauty Brains) The Top 25 Fashion Cities in the World (iPapier) Book this Look: Sophia Bush (My Lookbook) Where Does Your Personal Style Come From? (Suze on Style)
Ask Chic: Blair’s Dress from “The Dark Knight” September 18, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic , Gossip Girl Chic Chic Reader Dana writes: “Hello! The moment I saw the new Gossip Girl episode, I’ve had this question running through my mind! I asked around but none of my friends had the answer. Then I did my daily check on your blog and saw the dress in a post about the Jennifer Behr headbands. Do you know where I can find Blair’s yellow/green party dress?? THANK YOU!!!!!” Well Dana we do have the answer you need but somehow we have a feeling that you wont be satisfied. The dress is by Phillip Lim but is actually from his previous collection. This means that it’s sold out pretty much everywhere online. Your best bet is most probably on ebay. The dress is gorgeous! Too bad it took all of us seeing it on Blair to realize that… Sorry *Images courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com and net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What you can try to do is email their NYC store to ask where you can get a hold of it or if they can ship it to you. I did that before and they were extremely hellful, I think the manager’s name is Esteban 😛
That’s Amore! July 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Buy them here . Those are amazing!! X, fashion-nerdic. Ah man, if I hadn’t have just been made redundant, these beauties would totally be on my shopping list. I need to find a new job quickly!
Topshop Wishlist October 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: The bootssssssssssss! OMG, Must have!!
New @ Revolve Clothing February 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We just couldn’t resist showing you guys the latest and greatest from one of our fave online shops. Revolve Clothing has such a variety in styles, prices, and designers that we find ourselves clicking for hours on end there. Oh and they deliver internationally. Just looking at the new items makes us crave for summer. I’m so over the dark and drab winter. Oh, and it doesn’t help that Nicole’s running around in the chicest of colorful kaftans . Check out our faves: VOOM by Joy Han Cleo Long Dress in Multi Laurie B Rumba Top in Black Laura B Swing Open Front Long Sleeve in Sweatshirt Something Acid Floral Dress in Multi Something Else by Natalie Wood Gothic Horse Tank in White (so Alexander Wang ish !) *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Splurge vs Steal August 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Steal a trench coat here or Splurge on one here . . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic Spiked December 11, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Love Rocks NY July 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Diamonds are always a girl’s best friend, no matter what you may economically force yourself to believe. And we here at Chic Intuition find the best diamonds are ones that can be worn throughout the day, truly practical (well, the most practical diamonds can be!). Love Rocks NY is a contemporary, fine jewelry collection from New York based designer Limor Ratzabi Senker. Her collection features ethically sourced micro-pave diamonds embedded in 14kt gold and platinum pendants, rings, earrings, and bracelets. Just taking a look at her work makes us wanna dig deep down into our pockets and indulge in literally every piece! *Images courtesy of loverocksny.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have stored my honker of a diamond ring because I have knocked diamonds out of the ring before and knocked a few people in the face accidentally.
Street Chic Coat Edition January 13, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The third coat from the left is from Lui Jo! I have the same black jacket. I love reading your blog btw
The romper… July 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of NET-A-PORTER.COM . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rodarte for Target: First Look December 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Thanks to Nitrolicious for pointing this our way, InStyle has the first lookbook images of the Rodarte collaboration for Target. Everyone’s been giving a few sneak peak grained images of certain pieces, but now you can take a look at 4 whole outfits. With $30 lace cardigans in bold colors like mustard yellow and lingerie-inspired tulle slip dresses for only $40, this collection is sure to be a sell-out. Personally, I’m in love with the leopard belt that they’ve added to most outfits, so chic! We can’t give a full review till we’ve seen the items up close, but for now we think these images will do just fine. Mark your calendars: December 20! *Images courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love this collection!
No, No, No! November 3, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic Seriously, she wore this before Halloween. Some might think this is avante garde approach to fashion, but we just think it’s silly. Plus, why is one side ironed and the other all crumpled?! Julianne my love, what in the world…. P.S. Our two fave comments on the topic: “ Julianne Moore’s stylist HATES her ” , and “ Don’t you hate when you are going out and there are two dresses you want to wear, but you can’t decide which one to go out in? “ *Images courtesy of seriouslyomg.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She’s usually so chic and glamourous, what was she thinking ? You forgot to mention her shoes!! Did you not see them? Only one has an actual heel, you gotta look at them!
MTV Movie Awards- Gagworthy Glitter June 7, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Hervé Léger by Max Azria Spring 2010 September 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review We loved the fresh hues at the latest HL collection, inspired by “dusty sands and desert skies”. Ever since Mr. Azria took over, the collection seems to have taken a fresh aspect of interpreting bodycon dresses. We’d die for the denim jacket, and we can just imagine fashion icons like Kate Moss and Erin Wasson donning one of these impeccable items. We just hope we can be lucky enough to add ourselves to that list in the near future… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Just gorgeous!
DVF Resort 2011 June 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review I thought it was a typo when I read that this was a 2011 collection, only to realize that we’re already half way through 2010!! Time does fly..especially when it comes to fashion fun. Diane von Furstenberg’s latest collection does not disappoint. With everything she’s famous for: prints, wrap dresses, and anything/everthing black & white, it screams “Take me with you on a tropical getaway!”. *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC .
Zip It August 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Wow, Free People have really upped their fierce factor! Check out this jacket we found below. Has this Rick Owens vibe goin’ on, we love! Also, really adore the styling for the whole look. Seems like the perfect Fall transitional piece to us. *Images courtesy of freepeopleclothing.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. wow-great find! love it! OMG I love this.
Chic Shopping at Singer 22 October 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s been awhile since I’ve perused Singer 22 to check out the new pieces available and now I truly regret it. Why you may ask? Because I discovered a lot more stuff that I absolutely need have to have! Kind of like when my friend was saying that she avoids trying new desserts because she doesn’t want to know what she’s missing… Well folks, now I know what I’m missing at Singer 22 and feel it’s necessary to share the wealth! Check out my faves below: 1. Botkier Jackie Satchel 2. Anlo Brooke Skinny Jean with Zippers 3. Jemm Moroccan Velvet Embroidered Tunic 4. Jemm Engineered Velvet Tank Top 5. Young Fabulous and Broke Leather Bomber Jacket
Chic Reads of the Week January 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads UGGs: The Latest Winter Trend (Chic Stories) Celebrity Look of the Day: Anne Hathaway (Couture in they City) Bright Eyes (Le Fashion) Book this Look (My Lookbook) Jessica Alba Sets Mid Lenght Style The It Haircut For 2009 (Style Frizz)
MK Olsen Rocking E+J Jewels September 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Elizabeth and James Feather Across the Hand Ring Elizabeth and James Twig Cluster Ring Elizabeth and James Feather Cuff *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. boo the ones pictured aren’t the ones on sale That’s because the one’s pictured are all the diamond versions (practically quadruple the price) so we thought we’d feature the same ones for less
Thank you Shopbop. December 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Visit shopbop.com Oh, yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Leather Inset Leggings September 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Welcome to one of the biggest trends of the season, at all prices. David Lerner Supplex Riding Leggings Rag & Bone Moto Leggings with Leather Alexander Wang Stretch Suede Combo Leggings *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Charlotte Olympia on Sale January 20, 2013 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Find To say I’m a shoe addict would be an understatement. I have an unexplained love affair with shoes and the quirkier the better in my book. Well, what quirkier shoes are there than Charlotte Olympia? I have been coveting a pair for the past two years but keep getting sidetracked by other brands with better deals in terms of the price-point. Now that the Outnet is featuring Charlotte Olympia I think I will finally make the leap. The only question is which do I choose? Check out my faves below and head over here to get a pair of your own. At 60% off who can resist? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Loves It August 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Sold out everywhere but here . Happy Shopping Chic ers ! *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. yuck… props to whoever can pull this off! I saw Amber Rose in this! I immediately knew it was a Wang. I’m not exactky sold on it yet.
“Dread” Jacket September 26, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Okay let’s start by stating the obvious- the name! Who names their jacket a “Dread” Jacket??? Especially if it actually is dreadful… So I know they named it that because it looks like a jacket made out of dreadlocks but, seriously, who thinks that a jacket made out of dreadlocks could be appealing in any minute way? The answer is MK and Ashley Olsen apparently and although we love love love their Elizabeth and James line this is one instant where they seem to have majorly dropped the ball! MK and Ashley, WHAT WERE YOU THINKING??? P.S. Check out the model, even she can’t hide how miserable she feels in her dread jacket! Hahaha!!! I laughed my eyes out! She looks so miserable, the poor girl! I could understand a fringe jacket but a dread one? I’m looking forward for the next Olsen fashion dare! Thanks for the shout out!
Melanie Huynh Chic November 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Street Chic She’s a Junior Editor at French Vogue, former assistant to Carine Roitfeld, and she oozes effortless chic. This half Vietnamese beauty is always seen donning the latest trends off the runway, even at 6 months pregnant in uber high heels! Her editorials always have us in pure awe, wanting to come back for more each month. Take a look at our fave Melanie Huynh looks with and without child. Man, I hope I look that good preggers… *Images courtesy of streetpeeper.com , the Fashionspot.com , jak&jil.com , mydailystyle.com , and thesartorialist.blogspot.com.
Sam Edelman ‘Zoe’ Boots August 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert They’re heeeeeeeeeeeere! The boots that have had the entire internet in an uproar are finally back! The Sam Edelman Balenciaga inspired Zoe booties have been in high demand for the past year. So much so that they’ve sold on Ebay for over $800! Well fret no more because these babies are back for sale and you don’t even have to bid. They’re available here at Jildor Shoes for $345 in a multitude of sizes plus they are shipping internationally!!! Get ’em quick because we honestly don’t think they will last! Happy shopping. *Images courtesy of elleuk.com , fashion.teenink.com , polyvore.com , and intheolsenscloset.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Umm, this is totally love at first sight! If only I had her legs too!!! Maria x http://www.myeverywish.blogspot.com i wear a size 8 1/2 so does that means i should get a size 9? Ack! So not fair. If only I hadn’t have just been made redundant at work, these beauties would be mine. Pffst! Hey Aubrey, I did some research and it says online to go up half a size. So ya, go for a 9. Exciting huh thanks Amazing shoes!!!! Cool blog! I will start to follow! I wear a size 7.5 and 8. Should I get 8?? or 8.5??? HELPPPPPPPPPPP, CHIC INTUITION!!! P.S You guys are the f-in best! Get an 8 since the only other option is a 9 and that’ll be too big! Thanks Shipping to Canada is $129+! O__O WOW…I could get a pair of H&M jean(or more) with that! I really want them! But…$129+ =( if only i wasn’t 6’1…if only…:(
Golden Globes Gone Wrong January 18, 2011 | Tags: Not Chic Michelle- Daisy disaster. Heidi- Malibu Barbie hand me down. Helena- Mismatched shoes are surprisingly not the worst part of this look. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Dream Out Loud by Selena Gomez October 18, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Are you starting to get tired of celeb fashion lines? We sure are. Why? Well, most of the time the lines are pretty disappointing. The latest celebrity to hop onto the fashion designer bandwagon is Selena Gomez. We’re sure her line is aimed at her tween fans, but that doesn’t mean that it can’t be stylish. When we saw the preview images on her models, all we could think of was that the clothes were…dated and mismatched. Selena claims that “ With my line, I really want to give the customer options on how they can put their own looks together. ” Wow, to us that seems like even more of a challenge for her fans, how can they put the looks together when non of the items match? Sorry Selena, we’re gonna have to pass. *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m tired but are the masses of thoughtless, style-less and tactless young women, girls and women across America? No. That’s why we need a revolution (and this one won’t be televised). Omg selena clothing line is lovely and what you mean none of the match they are luvely and cant wait till they come out in stores Style and fashion doesn’t exactly mean that every piece of clothing has to match. Fashion is a work of art. All Selena wants is for her fans and other teens to create their own style, something that’s totally different and screams “This is the real me!” Everyone is unique in their own way, and I applaud Selena for making this happen with her upcoming clothing line. I for one, will purchase some of the items and create MY style, something that defines the person that I truly am. all clothing does not have to match, that’s what make us unique and different. Heck, even the most popular fashion designers dont have all their clothing nice and matchy. I strongly support Selena beause this is HER clothing line with her sense of style. selenas pieces of clothing in this line are wonderful. on the models they may not looked pulled together but when u hit the store to pick up the peices they are really cute! there bohemian chic, with a bit of edge wi=hich i love! i cant wait till k-mart releases them august 1st!!!! Everyone can say what they want to say about Selena Gomez. But if you see the outfits she wears herself. She truly does have fashion sense that is unique but very cute. I will purchase some of the items on her clothing line because different can be pretty. Fashion is not about matching colors and fabrics together, it’s about mixing and matching things up. If you look at Selena’s clothes and a sevenTEEN magazine doesn’t it look like “Dream out loud” belongs in there? She’s a fashion icon, and the only reason her clothing line might not look right to certain people is because they stick to one kind of stlye instead of being open minded to a “Vintage, bo-ho chic, Chic, Modest” look. Selena’s a true fashion designer, with an urge to try new thing’s. That’s what a true artist does, but that’s just my opinion. I can’t wait to wear her environment safe clothing line on Aug 1st. Oh my God.. Lesson 1: The one on the right totally matches. If you can’t see that, you really don’t know anything about matching clothes. The one on the left doesn’t match as perfect as the right one, but it definitely matches.
ADAM Fall 2010 February 14, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review , Fashion Week Chic The scene at the ADAM Fall 2010 show was extremely exciting! Second row seats, a Bryan Boy spotting, and gorgeous clothing couldn’t have hurt either. The collection had a lot (and I mean a lot ) of thick knit scarves, innovative knitwear, and metallics. In other words, the collection was very ADAM and we must say we loved it. To sum it up, it made us want to skip over Spring and go straight to Fall! Check it out… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love love the knits, so amazing xx http://www.crumpetsandt.blogspot.com Love love loveeeeee the colors and textures. Go Adam Lippes!!!!
No No No! December 16, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Oh dear , I’m not liking the looks of this. Stephen Sprouse Collection for Louis Vuitton. Speedy bags, $1,200 each. *Images courtesy of harpersbazaar.com and nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Lingering Trend: Fringe Benefits November 20, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks *Images courtesy of justjared.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Somebody OD’ed on the self tanner!
We love… June 27, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic designers who don their own line. *Images courtesy of style.com and bloomingdales.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
House of Harlow 1960 Zenith Beaded Flats October 14, 2012 | Tags: Chic Picks Oh how we love thee, let us count the ways….. Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Get the Look:  Street Chic NYFW September 26, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Erickson Beamon Swarovski Crystal Linen Necklace Tibi Sequined Silk Blazer Fendi Leather Slim-Leg Pants Steve Madden Seryna Leather Motorcycle Booties Bird Handbags The Mrs Ostrich Leather Clutch Anna Sui Wool-Blend Lace Blouse *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Omg that look is so chic! I’m practically salivating here! Hahaha The outfit is gorgeous and I love the booties! Nice
Joie @ Shopbop April 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com
Ask Chic: Vanessa Hudgen’s Dress October 29, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic reader Emma writes: “Hi! I go to your site religiously and I know you guys are magicians when coming to find items that people want, so I figured I’d give it a whirl. I am in love, IN LOVE with the dress Vanessa Hudgens wore to one of the HSM3 events, it was bananas. A white Calvin Klein mini with long sleeves. I was wondering if you guys can find something similar and for cheaper? Thanks so much!” We think you’ve come to the right place Emma, ’cause if you want it, but can’t afford it, we love looking for alternatives. Funnest task ever! We scoured the web and chose our top 3 picks for Vanessa’s look for less. Happy shopping! Kate and Kass Alice Paul 3/4 Sleeve Mini Dress in Ivory $44 Velvet Verona Swiss Dot 3/4 Sleeve Dress in White $121 MaxStudio Cotton Cashmere Sweater Dress $55 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I REALLY WANT TO FIND THE SAME DRESS THAT VANESSA HUDGEN HAS FOR THE HSM3 PREMIERE. CAN YOU TELL ME WHERE CAN I FIND IT PLEASE… THANKS Hi Carole. Try contacting your local Nordstroms for info. Unfortunately the dress is sold out online. Good luck! So it’s from Nordstrom’s?? I can’t find it!! Help! I love that dress. My legs won’t look like hers in it, but I love that dress!! The designer is Calvin Klein, so if you can’t find it at Nordstroms try contacting CK Good Luck! Can anyone plese tell me where I can find the #2 Dress in the picture abouve. I have to have it! Unfortunately it looks like it’s sold out as of now I love to wear that dress cuz it looks gorgeous. The dress is not to be found, but I am creating a copy of it for a friend from a Vera Wang silk crepe with silk lining. If anyone is truly interested in it, I have fabric enough to make one, maybe two more. I am a professional theater costume and private clientele designer with years of experience. If anyone is interested, post a message. Hey we have been looking for this dress like crazy, and we are interested in you making it. Please let me know the details asap! Yes I do want the vanessa hudgens white dress what fabric is this dress made of?
Street Chic Tips December 1, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
I’m Back! June 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Video , Real Life Chic Well lovely readers, my trip to Paris was filled with tons of fun, great food, and most of all good fashion . I’ve come back refreshed and ready to get back to some great posts for you guys. As a small token of my appreciation, I thought I’d create a little ‘feel good’ movie of some clips I took while on my trip. Hope you enjoy it, and are inspired to try and visit the city that forces you to fall in love with it: Paris, France. I love this video! what is this song called??? i must have it! Thanks! The song is by Carla Bruni (the wife of the French President!) and it’s called Quelqu’un M’a Dit. Wooooooow that video was amazing! u got talent, it was so touching You did such a lovely job on that video! Love Grace. Awesome vid ooo this song is one of my all time favs :)) WOW! love the video, tres CHIC 😛 Thanks guys!! Glad you enjoyed it. xoxo loved the video!
Taylor Jacobson’s Watch August 31, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Since the second episode of The Rachel Zoe Project is airing tonight, we only felt it necessary to address the following chic topic. A number of you have been avidly inquiring about Taylor Jacobson’s watch that she has been wearing episode after episode. We scoured all the images we could find, and it’s clear that she is wearing a personal fave: a Rolex Day-Date. Her specific model is actually vintage, since the Day-Date has gone under a mini makeover. We assume that Taylor’s watch is the 1974 President Day-Date in 18k Yellow Gold . You can find the actual watch on bid websites like eBay, just beware knock-offs. Now, we know that Taylor Jacobson is a famous stylist who works for the glorious Rachel Zoe and probably has a paycheck that anyone dreams of. So for you frugal fashionistas out there, we scoured the web for some much less pricey options. Happy Shopping! Freelook Oversized Watch $300 Michael Kors Watches Jet Set Sport Watch $250 Nixon The Time Teller Watch $90 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh ..how i love all things Tay! SHE IS A WOMAN??? ARE YOU SERIOUS??????? What about her snake or serpent bracelets on the right arm? Her bracelets are by Kathy Rose, a line sold at Roseark http://www.roseark.com . We wrote about them in the Rachel Zoe post (she dons the same ones as well). Who knows where I can find this pastel rainbow belt in the REVOLVEclothing.com ad on the left side of this page? I looked ALL over the site and the web and cant find it anywhere!!!! Please help, I am in love! Omg, she’s awesome! Yes, she might be a b**** sometimes, but that does not ruin the fact that she has a great sense of style, her hair is awesome, and I would kill for her watch! Plus, she and I love Chanel just as much! TAYLOR ROCKS!
Vanessa Paradis Chic April 8, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic This women has style, in addition to one very gorgeous accessory ( that’s Johnny Depp for the two of you that don’t know ). She’s been a very loyal representative to the Chanel brand, and it’s no surprise that she’s managed to take a few of their pieces and create her own look with it. We decided to recreate her outfit for less, since we’re so obsessing over her blazer+silk top combo. To get the look try: Theory Yulima S Blazer Nexx Tie-Neck Blouse Alice + Olivia Front Zip Legging Pants Stuart Weitzman Huggie Stretch Platform Booties *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Inspired by Rachel Weisz’ Blackbook Cover Shoot April 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing Rachel Weisz’ photos from Blackbook, I was instantly inspired! It could be because I am currently looking for a dress for myself. It also could be that every dress she dons in the shoot is hotter than the next. If you are feeling equally in lust with her looks, check out these dresses that I felt gave a very similar vibe… Clockwise from top: *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. ohh my, what a coincidence, i just watched the movie `definitely, maybe` yesterday; featuring Rachel Weiz:) That orange lanvin dress she’s wearing has been popping up everywhere!!
Sienna Miller Chic June 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sienna Miller was leading the fashion pack a few years ago. She literally had a following as large as the unstoppable Kate Moss. But all that went down the drain, for unexplainable ( adulteress? ) reasons. All drama aside, she’s recently been spotted carrying the “Pompom Shoulder bag” by Tila March. And we think we fell in love with her all over again. The bag is the perfect answer to a fashionista seeking a bohemian vibe. It comes in a number of colors and retails for $765. Unfortunately it isn’t available online at this time, but if you’re interested we’d recommend visiting their official website . *Images courtesy of tilamarch.com and coolspotters.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Celebs love their… August 18, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks You’re probably falling in love with Rihanna’s Chanel backpack, or MK Olsen’s vintage find, so why not try this Asos version for less? It’s too hot to handle! *Images courtesy of celebrifi.com and sandrarose.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Currently Coveting @ Shopbop June 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Check them all out at shopbop.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week November 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Tortured by Vintage Chanel (Because I’m Addicted) 3 Most Fashionable Winter 2008 Coats (Chic Stories) Life & Style: The Trendiest Skirts, Winter White Clothes and More! (Couture in the City) Ooo la la Look: Nicole Richie (Le Fashion) Katie Holmes And Her Short Fashion Disaster (Style Frizz)
Street Chic Fabulous! January 2, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Ever had a stylish piece and saw someone wearing it better? *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
NY Fashion Week September 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s finally here, and we’re so excited to see what the designers have in store for us. Until then, take a look at all the great snapshots from the events… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No No No! March 18, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic She keeps yoyo-ing between Chic and Not Chic, we just wanna scream “Make up your mind Drew!!”. For her latest crime against style, 34 year old Barrymore chooses to ( again ) take a Blast Into the oh so wretched Past. Drew, Docs and suspenders might look grunge chic on a 20 something, but producer/actor/director in her mid thirties?! No… *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. That look is so ugly! She can do much, much better! Nice blog, would you please visit mine.
Met Ball Best Dressed Chic May 3, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.buzznet.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuiion LLC.
Celeb Party Chic July 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic I know, I know! Most of you don’t recognize actress Émilie Dequenne… Neither did I until I googled her name. Well, to be honest, what really caught my eye about her wasn’t her celebrity status but her amazing fashion sense. Love love love her oufit! So trendy and fun and yet not too overdone at the same time. Naturally, I had to compile a similar look for myself and, of course, my dear readers. Oh ya, and did I mention that the whole outfit comes up to be less than $100? 1. ASOS Rose Border Print Prom Dress ($65) 2. Scoopneck Tee (2 for $21) 3. Yadi Patent Belt ($7) Total= $93!!! *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links.. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. at first, i thought it was samaire armstrong! weird… they do look strangely similar!
Top Fall 2009 Trends August 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Tavi x Rodarte for Target December 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert Thanks to Gavi for this exclusive video featuring teen blogging sensation Tavi Gevinson who made the scene during New York fashion week back in September, and also got to work with her friends Kate and Laura Mulleavy on an exciting project – a behind-the-scenes access video project promoting the highly anticipated Rodarte for Target collection hitting stores December 20! Take a look below: uch i just love her. and this video well so well done.
Chic Interview: What is Reality Anyway October 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview Its been a while since we last posted a Chic Interview, but we promise our latest interviewee is worth the wait. Currently running around between NY and Cali, this bohemian blogger oozes talent. Twenty-seven year old Krystal Simpson is the girl to keep your eye on. With a stint on an MTV reality tv show, collaborations with a t-shirt designer and fashion label, and a knack for writing that leads to full on blog stalking, Krystal proves that talent can take you places. Read what she had to say below and then check out her inspiring blog . Chic Intuition: I’m going to start off by being quite honest about my first encounter with your blog. I stumbled upon a link in someone’s sidebar, and was in awe of the photography, let alone the exquisite, and honest, expression of words. But while I was scanning your blog, I couldn’t help but think “This girl looks damn familiar!?” A little Googling later, I realized the girl from ‘that Rolling Stone show on MTV’ had undergone a fashion transformation. New haircut, new makeup, new Krystal. What influenced the change? Krystal: That’s s flattering, thank you. But really, I change on a daily basis; I cut my hair all the time, and I’ve always collected vintage clothing, and been into fashion. When I was on the show [I’m From Rolling Stone], the focus was on writing, so they really didn’t show my love for the fashion world all that much. As for the new makeup thing, it is really more like the little to no makeup thing. Women are so beautiful with no extras, they don’t need all that camouflage to hide what they really look like every day. I just don’t understand that standard in the fashion world, women and makeup makes no sense. I just know what we are naturally is so far away from our perceived image, fashion sense, and style. Were just wearing our preferences, we are what we choose to be every day, why not have fun and change it up, or not–it’s all up to the individual. Chic Intuition: I’d like to think your blog is a form of artistic expression. How did you come up with the theme? Krystal: My favorite writing jobs have been the ones that allow me carte blanche, any time I have a restriction of any kind placed on my work, I tend to back away from it–now thankfully I don’t have to take those kinds of jobs at all. But I wanted my website to be a place to post anything and everything I could possibly dream up. The title “What is Reality Anyway” is double in meaning, both from my time on reality TV, but more-so from my love of quantum physics and the science of creating your own reality. I’ve been a writer for a while, and my mentor, the poet and writer Maria Garcia Tabor always encouraged me to start a blog in addition to my various writing gigs. I should have listened to her and started one years ago, knowing now how blogging is the future of publishing, and all the opportunities I’ve received just from having a blog. If I didn’t start a blog would I still have a jean with Quiksilver? A t-shirt? I’m quite thankful for all of it though, the dream continues. Chic Intuition: Music, music, and music. From the titles of your posts, one realizes how big a part it has in your life. Does it affect your style as well? Krystal: Oh yes, music was my first conscious style influence, the male rock stars specifically–they are just the coolest dudes, full of swagger, and could care less what anyone thinks about them. Why would you want to be the groupie when you can be the rock star? I love the toughness their fashion, all the boots, leather, the beading–those boys can wear women’s clothes the way I love to see them worn, a little bit ragged. I like things in fashion to be a little off, disheveled. Anything too perfect makes me want to mess it up before I can go on. I never walk around looking like a too girly porcelain doll, it just isn’t me to be cutesy like that. Teetering around on heels that really shouldn’t be made for any sort of healthy foot, and piling on makeup, hair, all that extra crap makes me nervous. Chic Intuition: Let’s not sidetrack here, how can we forget that you are a literary genius, prize winning poet and writer. What do words mean to you? Krystal: Words are great; so many different ones that mean the same thing, but they are all there to flow in prose, so beautiful that certain pieces can bring people to tears because of the way the writer captured a moment and expressed it. It really isn’t the words, it is their perceived meaning that hooks us. Chic Intuition: So we have to ask, how did you get to be on MTV, and did the experience of starring in a reality show help launch your career? Krystal: Basically I sent my writing samples in for the casting process, and after a few interviews that was it. And yes, of course being on TV helped my career, although I never had any set career. People probably think I was just on a TV show and that was it, but I’ve been writing for various papers and other publications since right after high school, and also done other things in fashion and photography. I never wanted to have real job, and I have done very well at not having one. I made a lot of great friends and business contacts when I did the TV show, and it opened a lot of doors. It was one of my dreams, to work for Rolling Stone, and the wave that followed it; going to Fashion Week, sitting front row at some shows, going to these crazy events. I mean, I am from a pretty small town, there is no grand events happening there, no fashion, nothing outside of the regular golf tournament, so I had always wanted to find out what else there was out there that was exciting and fresh. When I decided I wanted more, all my dreams came true in record time, I had to consciously conjure up new fantasies, since all the ones from my past came true. C hic Intuition: How does it feel to be immortalized on a t-shirt? Surreal? Krystal: The Ediot tee, I love her brand, it was so flattering, and of course surreal. I’m glad someone thinks I warrant that kind of display, haha! Chic Intuition: Finally, philosophical q time: If you had to choose one, would your rock or would you roll? Krystal: Hmm , I could get really deep and philosophical on this one and say that like consciousness and energy, they {rock and roll} are inextricably combined, and one simply couldn’t exist without the other. At least that’s how it goes in my world. *Images courtesy of whatisrealityanyway.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i love her blog!! I remember her!! Even on I Work for Rolling Stone i remember noticing how cool her fashion sense was. I’ll definitely check out her blog. What a great interview! Will def. go to her blog love her!!! This interview was great, because I read her blog, but I didn’t necessarily know a lot of that information. I think a lot of how Krystal makes her living is a mystery to some people who read her blog, so this was quite interesting! Thank you for sharing.
Balmain VS Zara, again! August 12, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find *Images courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com and photobucket.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. where can i get zara clotes?
B.E.A.U.T.I.F.U.L September 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I like it. It caught my attention because I’m in search for a red bag but there’s something off about it. I don’t know if it’s the lock on the side or because it reminds me of Chanel but it’s NOT a Chanel, know what I mean? The hunt continues You girls are doing a fab job on this site! I’m loving it! 😀 ♥
Something Burgundy January 9, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic Inspired us to go wild with the color. Lucy Williams you rock. From the top: Dolce Vita Hayword Suede Platform Pumps Alexander Wang Brenda Mini Camera Bag Retrosun Vintage Christian Dior Wire Sunglasses Shashi Shashi Soltaire Bracelet Marc by Marc Jacobs Snow Bunting Donna Bag Charm *Image courtesy of blogs.lexpress.fr/cafe-mode . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. where is the sweater from???
Dolce Vita for Target July 30, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The latest collaboration for Target that has gotten us ‘all hot and bothered’ is with (drumroll please)…………..Dolce Vita!!!! The already super-affordable brand has teamed up with Tarjay on a four piece collection consisting of studded ballet flats in four colors, oxfords, a hot pair of booties, and some killer boots. It’s nice to see that the signature combo of gold and black is prevalent in the collection true to the Dolce Vita we have come to know and love. The pieces should be available in stores on August 22. Can’t wait??? A little birdie told me they are currently available online . Gotta love these insider tips *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I have the studded oxfords and the ballet flats and I love them, they’re so perfect and so cheap!
Scale Up or Down, It’s All OK March 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks After the whole fringe sensation, designers are now giving it a twist and modernizing the look with other forms of scaling. Talk about major fashion for your feet! Take a look at our 3 faves from Shopbop : Omelle Catia Petal Flat Sandals Loeffler Randall Flynn Ruffle Thong Flat Sandal Alexandra Neel Cleopatra Fringe Stiletto Sandals *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cheap Chic Maison Martin Margiela September 18, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic We’ve posted about these shoes before, ever since they caused a stir in the blogosphere. People loved them, people hated them, and mostly people just questioned their existence. Love em or leave em, Steve Madden has created a similar version for a 6th of the price. Personally we prefer the heel of the Madden’s since, like many others, we felt the Maison’s made Rachel look like she had hooves for feet. Sorry Rache!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and stevemadden.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Kim Kardashian… May 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sometimes it’s nice to discover that celebrities are just regular people like us. Miss Kim Kardashian has obviously fallen in love with Nicole Richie’s House of Harlow Black Resin Triangle Necklace and can’t stop wearing it all around town. So much so that she just happens to incorporate it into most of her outfits! I must admit it is a hot necklace and makes a subtle but beautiful statement. This is one celeb fashion line that’s here to stay… *Images courtesy of coolspotters.com , singer22.com , and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I kind of like House of Harlow for its hippie/edgy design and non-scary prices!
Chic Reads of the Week November 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Fashion Tips from Penelope Cruz: How To Wear Full Skirts (Chic Stories) Kara Janx Spring 2009 Preview (Couture in the City) Shutting It Down (DeSmitten) Ooo Baby: Karlie Koss for Topshop (Le Fashion) Could You Wear Perfume Bottle-Necklaces? (Style Frizz)
BALMAIN Destroyed Safety Pin Shirt April 15, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks We sense a DIY project coming up. Not only is it extremely hot, but it’ll save you the hefty pricetag … *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. saves like A MILLION$$!!!! 😛 Come by and check out my GIVEAWAY today!!!!! Spread the word! xx.M Love the look. That looks like sooooooooooooo many bobby pins though.
Chanel Fall 2009 March 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Well we couldn’t mention the Chanel show and not give you a little peek… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. um…I think creativity has gone to insanity… Karl,that bag… I will laugh if someone really carries it… karl is in another world, i guess that’s what makes him good at what he does. i love the hair
Paris, je t’adore… October 3, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Inspired by… December 20, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Spring is the new Summer… May 23, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic We’re totally in love with the latest Spring nail trends by Essie. The new black is…..color! Shades of lilac, rose, cerise, crimson and coral stand out more than any against a bronzed glow. Just follow the lead of the runways and go for a little bit of color on your nails. Take a tiny dip into each and check out the mini 16 oz bottles, the set of 4 costing only $17! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Skirt… January 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here .
Please me… June 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMFG IM IN LOVE !!!
Scarlet Fever- Christian Dior Spring 2010 November 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert It seems that the models at the Christian Dior Spring 2010 show all had a serious case of scarlet fever. Instead of the usual edgy (and sometimes scary) beauty approach, this season CD decided to go retro. That means waves and ruby red lips people and it looked goooood… Check out some outtakes of the models below and if you, like us, are also lusting after a red lipstick of your own try this limited edition Giorgio Armani ‘Armani Silk’ Lipstick in #95 or M.A.C Viva Glam Lipstick in III . *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Fifi Lapin for Forever21 October 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find We love hearing news like this! The latest blogger to go big, and we mean B-I-G is the lovely Fifi Lapin . Don’t know her? She’s known for dressing her cute bunny sketch in the latest trends to go down the runway. First, she had a collaboration with Delia*s, where her drawings were immortalized on this and this tee. And now for winter, you can wear her drawings on sweatshirts available at Forever21 . Love it when bloggers finally get the recognition they deserve. *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Vita Feda Titan Bracelets January 14, 2013 | Tags: Chic Find , Chic Obsessions , Chic Picks Move over Hermes cuff, you’ve got competition! Bloggers, celebrities, and stylists galore have dubbed these Vita Fede Titan Bracelets the next big thing. Whether you are a fashionista or just a regular Joe Shmoe, if you’ve been anywhere near Instagram these days, then you have definitely seen these babies pop-up a few times on the popular feed. ( follow us on Instagram!!! @chicintuition ) Lucky for you we’ve found a gorgeous selection with a new precious stone-tipped option. Check ’em out below and head over to Shopbop to see more. We can almost guarantee that with these babies people will ‘Remember the Titans”! (so corny we know but we couldn’t help it ;)) Top to bottom: *Images courtesy of jewelsnob.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Cat Eye It January 4, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic One of my fave makeup looks is the cat eye. The trend started a few years back, and hasn’t budged off the fashion radar ever since. The great thing about cat eyes is that they compliment every eye shape, you just have to know how to carry out the liner. From red carpets to runways to real life, this look transcends perfectly in every situation. Take a look at our fave cat eye makeup and invest in a great liner to pull off the look yourself. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I am only the biggest “cat eye” fan! Who’s the model on the left, CI?????????????????????????????????? She’s so beautiful.
Forever 21 Footwear July 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find After doing the Chic Guessing post with the hot Forever 21 shoes, I felt that some investigation was needed. Investigation of what you may ask? The Forever 21 shoe line of course! The verdict? Hot! Cheap! Stylish! Chic! Check out my faves below: *Images courtesy of forever21.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. wow!! who knew?
Street Looks Gone Bad Contd… November 24, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: Black ‘N’ Color Pop April 1, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. whats dvf? Diane Von Furstenberg love this one! great looks and as always- loving your layouts! love the one on the left
Shopbop: The Sale of Sales November 18, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Shopbop has even further marked down winter collections by brands such as Marc by Marc Jacobs, Tory Burch, T-Bags, and Juicy Couture! Click on the banner below to check it out. *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Michelle Chang Jewelry September 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review The thing we love about Etsy is that it’s like a treasure chest full of undiscovered jewels. In this case the jewel we discovered (literally) is Michelle Chang Jewelry . She is a talented artist who actually makes the pieces herself and we must say that they are beautiful and suprisingly affordable. We had Michelle send over a few pieces for us to see in person and we definitely give it our quality seal of approval. Be prepared, though, that the pieces are quite delicate in size and that we would honestly go for the diamond pieces over the others. An added bonus? Michelle has so graciously offered our readers a discount for 15% off with the code: MCJ . Happy shopping people! P.S. Watch out for Michelle’s stuff in a supersecret project we’re currently working on. Oops! I think we may have said too much already…
Chic Trend: Shell Rings February 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find If you know me well, you’d know that I’m a sucker for statement rings. I always tend to get comments on my choice of rings from random people on the streets. That’s why when I saw these shell rings on Vivre I was blown away. My favourite is definitely the Coral and Shell Ring but with that price tag I may be able to get the same effect with either one of the other two. Check out my faves below and click away if you feel the same about these babies. Under the sea, under the sea, darling it’s better, down where it’s wetter take it from me… (Little Mermaid) White Shell Ring Coral & Shell Ring Shell Ring wow I LOVE these! if you find a more affordable version that would be amazing
Serena van der Woodsen’s Leger Lovely Look October 9, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic After watching GG’s last episode on Monday, I still can’t get Serena’s career chic look out of my head. She managed to take a sexy Herve Leger dress and turn it into a business casual look with the addition of a simple blazer and a statement necklace. Since I still can’t get over her amazing look and how surprising it was that Tory Burch didn’t hire her, I find it only appropriate to attempt to recreate it. Career ladies out there: this outfit is a surefire recipe for success!!! Clockwise from top: *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She looks amazing!!!!
Mini Market Leather Zipper Boots August 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here in black or navy. EDIT: It sold out here too! But they do have the pair in an alternative fabric/color. *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ungaro Sweater Lust October 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . I’m so in love with the chains on this sweater. If only I had an extra $2K lying around…
15% off EVERYTHING! November 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit!!!
You stole my heart… May 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We just discovered Dara Ettinger’s jewelry on Max & Chloe …and we wish we never had. Not only did we each add one item to our online wishlists, but actually added more than a handful of her jewelry. Her pieces cry out to you with their rugged beauty and natural flaws. Imperfection at its best. You broke my heart Dara. Thanks… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Why did you show me??? Why?? brb..dying!!
No No No! July 9, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic We have such dismay towards this outfit, we couldn’t choose which comment to post, OR *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. agreed.. i cant stand the so called bf jeans. well, on myself anyway. very few can pull it off.
Street Chic: Paris March 17, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic You’d think that the combination of denim, fur, and metallics would garner the perfect disaster of an outfit, but not in this young lady’s case. Just goes to show you that it’s not what you wear, it’s how you wear it… *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Not sure if I like it. But she definitely brings a certain oomph to it. loves it!
Anna Sui for Target May 6, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic We know we’ve been shoving the Target collaborations down your throat for the last 2 yrs but we can’t help that they keep getting better! The new designer of choice? Miss Anna Sui herself! This is actually a collaboration I am really excited about because I love Anna’s quirky design aesthetic. Especially since her chosen muses are the the four main female characters on Gossip Girl! Now that’s a collection worth fighting for and the fact that you get it at a bargain is just an added bonus! Oh the thrill of the Chace (pun intended)… i can not wait.
NARS ‘Vintage’ Nail Polish Collection October 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Honestly we feel like this is one of the best nail polish collections for Fall. The color combinations aren’t too dark, so you can easily transcend the shades from cool to chilly weather, and they are so avante garde. We love! Only question is, which shade to don first? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Agree, PERFECT colors for this season! Need to get my hands (well, really need to get my NAILS) on these colors asap!
Italian Designers Do Good October 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find On the brink of a disastorous earthquake in Abaruzza, Italy, the nation’s fashion designers Donatella Versace, Alberta Ferretti, Anna Molinari for Blumarine, Veronica Etro, Silvia Venturini for Fendi, Consuelo Castiglioni for Marni, Angela Missoni and Rossella Jardini for Moschino, have teamed with Coca Cola for a fund raising campaign in support of the victims. Each bottle was designed to symbolize what each label stands for, and we have to say that we’re dying to get our hands on a Missoni coke! I soooo have the outfit for it! Kudos to Coca Cola ( Light, mind you, isn’t that what all fashionistas drink? ) and the designers for using fashion for a great cause. *Images courtesy of luxuo.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC Can you buy this anywhere? I live in the US….
Genius July 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Recession?? What recession? I’m just lulling around with my extra large quilted Chanel…. *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. HAHAHA I’m so making one of those!! LOL AMAZING How creative! i luv it xoxo bycali.com thats freakin amazing! lol
No No No! July 23, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic I think we can all guess why Vanessa Hudgens is covering her face. The shame of being seen out in a baggy shirt+ baggy pants+ baggy boots combo is horrific… *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Gifts- The Foodie December 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide Mrs Prindable’s 4 Apple Gift Set $29.99 Sushi Lover T-Shirt $19.50 Christofle Medium Royale Tray $110 Nordstrom HABITS ‘Carametzel’ Candy Tin $16 Ottomanelli Brothers’ Steaks: Vice President’s Choice $200
Tory Burch Expands to Japan December 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Last week Tory Burch opened her first free-standing boutique in Japan, located in the Ginza District of Tokyo. Last week marked the official opening celebration complete with a special meet and greet with Tory herself at a VIP party that happened at the end of last week at the new store. To celebrate the opening and Tory Burch’s expansion into Japan take a look at the pics of the new store, we’re loving the interiors!
The Perfect New Years Outfit December 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Shop here .
No, No, No! July 13, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Well let’s be honest! When has she ever looked good? *Image courtesy of msn.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
NY Fashion Week: Backstage Bananas! February 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celebs love… January 4, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get yours here . *Images courtesy of fashionbombdaily.com , instyle.com , and celebritybeautybuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. They all look very lovely in the dress. It really does work for everyone!!!
Getting Your Bang On December 18, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic I was invited to the opening of a friend’s art exhibit, and wanted to look hot (who doesn’t right?). Since I’m growing out my bob, I decided to make a change and just bang it. I was so excited, I even contemplating taking the deed into my own hands. I mean, how hard can it be to cut off a measly few hairs in a horizontal line right? Wrong. I was on the brink of receiving a visit from my monthly friend, Miss P, and felt like I could do anything . Ladies, take my advice and don’t make any rash decisions when you are PMSing. Hormones somtimes act like your best friend, or your worst enemy. I starting googling ‘ celebrity bangs ‘ and even created a whole folder dedicated to my fave finds. I didn’t even know which image to choose, I just thought whatev, my hairdresser can pick whatever one she likes (or can pull off). That’s when I accidentally found this hilarious article (which I now can’t find for the love of God) that stated that if you’re on your period, just off a breakup, or going through any sudden psychological manifestation, you should steer clear of wanting bangs . It also stated that there’s much more drama involved with the upkeep of bangs than us bangless beauties can imagine (Scenario A: waking up with a cowlick on top of your forehead). I slowly started to think twice about my decision, and by the next morning I was so happy about not taking the plunge. So remember ladies, only make life altering decisions (aka cutting your bangs) when you are emotionally sober. But seriously do you still think I should get them? *Images courtesy of beauty.about.com, women-hairstyles.com, and coutureinthecity.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hilarious! In a fit of work frustration, I was going to get bangs last night!!! Am definitely pmsing. But may definitely still get them 😉 Bangs are really not that hard to maintain, in my opinion. They’re easy to fix in the morning if mussed it up in your sleep. I used to just wet it and blow dry. I say “used to” because I’ve had bangs for as long as I can remember, but I’m in the process of growing them out right now. If it sounds scary, I would say get a soft wispy fringe that transitions to layers to the side of your face. It’s easier to clip back on days you don’t want them and will look natural if you decide to grow them out again. If you feel bold, you can take the extra step and get the super blunt style! Oh, and a few other things…don’t ever try cutting or trimming your own bangs unless you’re a hairdresser with professional shears. It’s nearly impossible to get the clean lines and shaping with everyday shears and it WILL look obvious that you cut them yourself. If your hair gets greasy, it will show more since you have hair that falls forward. And I read you should avoid bangs if you have a very small face/forehead, because it will make all features seem to crowd to the center of the face. Sorry for the long post, but I’ve had a love/hate relationship with my bangs most of my life! Good luck. I think this article says it all: http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.com/2008/06/27/104-girls-with-bangs/
Exclusive: Lulus.com Promo Code October 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Review We’re quite impressed with the makeover Lulu*s Fashion Lounge has undergone. In fact, we were so impressed that we had to tell you all. They’ve even added some great new items for the fall at unbelievable prices. And as usual, we couldn’t just leave it at that. We got away with a rad coupon code for our readers. Just enter ‘chicintuition’ at checkout for 15% off ! Offer expires November 1st. Check out some of our fave picks: Mabel Shirt Dress in Navy Flannel $41 Steve Madden Buck Taupe Suede Riding Boot $147.50 Hardy Girl Vest in Black $35 Lira Photonegative Forest Tee $27 Nikita Jabbah Jacket $42 *Images courtesy of lulus.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: Blingin’ May 9, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic To get the look: ABS Snake Ring Blu Bijoux Black Cocktail Ring Anya Jewels Cubic Zirconia Facets Ring Ben-Amun Black Resin Stretch Bracelet with Spikes Vita Fede Black Kat Style Bracelet *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love rocker blingy jewlery. So do i!
Color Blocked December 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find The moment I saw this jacket I thought, “Genius!”. What a great take on the leather/denim combo jackets that everyone’s been wearing. Remember the Alexander Wang version that Taylor Jacobson has? Well I personally think this find is a better way to go, since you achieve a similar effect for better quality (the whole jacket is leather) in addition to it being for less! Don’t you just love the internet? If interested, hurry up and take a look at the Oasis Colour Blocked Leather Biker Jacket for $255. The perfect winter jacket in our opinion… *Images courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. No way!! It’s so sexy! Dare I say it’s looks better than the AWang??!! it* Uber Sexy!!
The sequin blazer… August 21, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Missoni London Store Opening March 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
No, No, No! October 4, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic We seriously had a hard time recognizing her. If you want a lesson on where to NOT apply bronzer, then this is the image to study. Catherine Zeta Jones, was your make-up artist off this night? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Inspiration of the Day March 13, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Image by Tommy Tom for style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love Tommy Ton’s shots. They are amazing! what’s her clutch? it’s gorgeous!
Street Chic Tips for Summer August 21, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Celebs love… December 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I want a pair of red ray ban wayfarers!!! BJS *keep it stylish*
Ask Chic: Vanessa Hudgens’ Sandals January 28, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Annie writes: “ I love Vanessa Hudgen’s style and when I saw her wearing these sandals I thought they were sooo adorable, but I don’t know where they’re from! Please help me find the exact pair, or possibly something similar to it! Thank you so much! “ Well Annie, it looks like you are in luck. At first we thought these babies must be either Moschino or Juicy, and yet they turned out to be by Chinese Laundry. Miss Hudgen’s loves a bargain and always dresses her age by opting for contemporary brands instead of stuffy premiere designers. These babies are the Sudoku Sandals and retail for about $69. A little bird also told me that you might be able to get a promo code for the site. Let me know how it goes so I can get myself a pair as well! Oh you Chic Readers and your fashionable eyes! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. great sandals! Bought these online! So adorable! I am from London and I really want these shoes, where can I get them from in London, please help me. http://www.heels.com/info/international-orders i love this sandals ahh I love these also. the exact ones are from chinese laundry if you love vanessa hudgens style, go to vanessastyle.org or dresslikevanessa.org they have lots of exact matches!
Can I… March 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Can I be you for one day just to see how it feels? *Image courtesy of dirtyglam.blogg.se . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. does anyone know where I could get a pair of those tan shoes? I love them!!!!
Bebe Veronica Platforms September 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Why do you think they called these pumps ‘Veronica’? Maybe after the filthy rich spoiled beauty in the Archie’s comic book series? She would so rock these babies. Heart them. If you do too ( and are willing to try and work those 5 inch heels ) then get them here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of bebe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lauren Conrad for Kohls: First Look August 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert Thanks to Nitrolicious and the Hills Freak , we get a first look at LC’s line for Kohl’s. In the September Issue of Shape Magazine, the easy breezy Californian tackles styling three fans with different body shapes. The twist? She uses all the items from her new line. Honestly, I felt like she took the easy, typical route with her line here. It couldv’e been much worse, but it also could have been better (ex, Hilary Duff’s line ). In the end we’re sure her fans will be quite pleased.
MET Institute Costume Gala May 5, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Ok, we know the MET event’s main point is to have fun with fashion, and this year’s theme was “ Model as Muse: Embodying Fashion ” but some of the celebs just went waaay overboard. All we could think of when looking at these images was…What.The.Fu**?!?! Madonna: The scrunchie from hell. Rihanna: If only she toned down the shoulders to 50% of their ferocity, she would have avoided looking like a clown at a funeral. MK Olsen : We know its vintage. We know it’s Lacroix. But why on earth must it be ill-fitting and 2 layers away from a wedding cake?! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. personally, i love MK’s whole outfit not everything has to be ‘glamorous’ as you seem to think I hate the fact that Rihanna is trying to outdo Cruella De vil! She managed to take this D&G suit EXACTLY off the runway and made it look corny!! Madonna is obviously losing it! Why di LV make her spokeswoman and then allowed her to step outside and deminish their collection! I’m on the fence with MK. I like it.
YOOX Sale: Up to an Extra 90% OFF! October 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Interview: Le Flassh May 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Interview Our latest interviewee hails from ohsofaraway&fabulous Australia. Though twenty-one year old Dajana is a student, she can school anyone in the class of style. One look at her blog and you’ll be hooked to her edgy coolness, we guarantee. This Fashion Styling student is sure to have quite an impressive career in the future, and we’re willing to put our money on it. Take a look at our interview and then prance on over to her blog for more fun… Chic Intuition: Living in Australia, how does it feel having your seasons flipped with almost the rest of the world? Do you feel tired of the trends after seeing them online in other countries months before you get to wear them? Or does it work the other way around? Dajana: It does make me want winter when in Australia we are in the middle of summer and all I want to do is wear layers and all the new winter trends but in a way it’s also good because I get to see what i will be wearing before hand, I get inspired so when winter arrives here I already know what I want to be wearing. Chic Intuition: Ok, so what’s with the bowler hats? You sure can work them! Dajana: Haha, that’s so weird you even ask that because I just got my first hat two weeks ago, I used to just borrow my brothers for some of the photos I took. I was never really a hat person at all but I’m really liking it now! I don’t think the hats I have been wearing are bowler though, bowler hats are more circle and smaller. Chic Intuition: Diet coke for breakfast? Please elaborate . Dajana: On that day I happened to grab a mini diet coke can from the fridge and I just ran out the door to do whatever, so when I was taking photos that day I had the can with me and it was visible in the photos so I thought I might add it to the post. But obviously you should eat something along with the diet coke people! Chic Intuition: Online shopping: annoying or awesome? Dajana: I love it. So addictive. There’s just something about browsing online and then confirming your order and waiting patiently for the mail man every day. So much more exciting than going to the store. Who doesn’t love receiving packages? Chic Intuition: For someone looking into starting a blog, what advice would you give them. Ours would be: don’t underestimate the time/effort it takes to get a blog rolling. Dajana: I totally agree with your advice, it does take a lot of time and effort. People ask me this a lot actually and most people are just hurrying to get more followers, to get noticed, to get free things…but seriously that shouldn’t be your main reason for starting a blog. You can’t get sucked into all that. Just start slow, post original content, things you love and want to share with others, there are so many blogs out today and everyone is posting the same photos, be different, stand out. Enjoy it! Chic Intuition: We have to admit that we have a huge obsession with Aussie designers. What kills us is they don’t get the recognition they deserve. Why do you think that is? Dajana: You know I think these days they are getting a lot more recognition than what they used to get. Which is great. There are so many amazing Australian designers out there and they should be getting way more recognition but i think it’s already happening. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time. How torn and worn is too torn and worn? Dajana: If it’s falling apart at the seams and making you look like a homeless dude it’s probably time to chuck it out. *Images courtesy of leflassh.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I absolutely love her style! She’s edgy but still very elegant. Thanks CI! flawless! Ah! I love daj, and i’m always proud to see another aussie blogger getting recognition! love your blog too by the way
Leather Lessons February 9, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic It’s hard to believe that someone who can make leather look so good can also make it look that bad! Don’t believe us? Check out exhibit A where Miss Olivia Palermo pairs a pair of leather leggings with a gorgeous military topper and an unexpected shoe pairing of grey booties. Now, head left towards exhibit B where she pairs some green leather shorts with a plaid top and black opaque tights and pumps. The result is absolutely shocking and definitely not in a good way. In any sense, one should proceed with caution when attempting the leather short by pairing it with a very feminine blouse in a complimenting color. A plaid shirt, however, takes the outfit to the country look you are trying to avoid in the first place! Not only that, but the fact that they’re bright green???? Come on! Well since you always look so good Olivia, we’ll give you a pass. Everyone is allowed a fashion flub once or twice in their lives right? *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Be & D Cruise 2010 January 13, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Remember the last time we posted about our love for the new studded inspiration behind Be & D’s bags? Well come this Spring, you’ll be able to tote around your stud love in a new range of eye popping colors. I got to see some of the Fall models up close and personal, and I have to tell you that the pictures hardly do them justice. I actually messaged Chic Critic about my awe, the size of the bags are TDF ( to die for dahlings!) and the leather is so soft and supple. Now that we can get them in brighter shades for the hotter days, well that makes us even merrier. If you’re lucky enough to have a Nordstrom ‘s near you, we’d recommend a visit since the colors are exclusively sold there, or just check them out online. Be & D Strapped Vertical Tote $695 Be & D ‘Studded Trim Petite’ Satchel $745 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Gift Guide for the… November 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Report Signature Clarkson Crystal Platform Booties $395 2. Giuseppe Zanotti Sculpted Platform Wedge Booties $1,195 3. Christian Louboutin Pigalle Spiked Ballerina Flats $995 4. Messeca Women’s Jana Convertible Hooded Pump $129 5. Antik Batik Bela crystal-embellished suede boots $670 6. Stuart Weitzman Women’s Galaxy Platform Pump $365 7. Rock & Republic Gabriel Studded Suede Booties $375 WOW talk about eye candy 😀
Chic Inspiration: Things I’m Craving August 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Real Life Chic *Images courtesy of barneys.com , net-a-porter.com , neimanmarcus.com , and kickpleat.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. the gucci shoes are HOT! the gucci shoes are fabulous! dalya aka “chic freak” SINCE WHEN do you eat VANILLA ice cream!?
Style Stars of 2009 January 5, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sienna Miller: Best red carpet style. Leighton Meester: Best overall style. Kim Kardashian: Best fashion makeover. Olivia Palermo: Best mix of high and low. Alexa Chung: Best import style. *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Leighton…really? She had equal A’s and F’s. Where is Zoe Saldana? She was pretty much perfection all year!
Cuff Yourself Part ll July 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Lately, I’ve been absolutely obsessed with accessorizing… My favorite staple of the moment? Cuffs! For some reason, I feel that every outfit looks instantly better with a bangle here or a cuff or two there. As a result, I decided to go on a hunt for some more amazing pieces to work with. Here are my top three picks: 1. Mali Bangle of Hand-Hammered Brass by SURevolution $55 2. CC Skye Italian Gold Screw Bracelet $95 3. Roberto Cavalli Three-in-one wooden bangle $257.50 (on sale for half price) *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i actually love #3 and #2 most. go figure.. their most expensive too lol. just my luck.
Turban Chic: From the Runway to Real way August 11, 2012 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Nine West Fall/Winter 2010 August 14, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Thanks to nitro for giving us a sneak peak at Nine West’s latest campaign. We are dying over both the boots featured here. We honestly feel like if someone took a picture of us staring at shoes we’re admiring, we’d totally look like the model below: beautifully in awe ( so confident huh? ). The shoes featured are the Sappheir and Donley . Both ship out late September, and we’d recommend pre-ordering them if interested since they’ll probably be flying off the cyber racks after this ad comes out. *Image courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. very nice picture, inspired blog! http://www.intuitioncouture.blogspot.com http://www.intuitioncouture.blogspot.com http://www.intuitioncouture.blogspot.com
Richard Chai Love September 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Since the recession drama rama , people have been pondering what the price to pay for fashion is. Is it worth putting the big bucks down for a sweater/top/skirt/bag?..you get where we’re going. So it’s no wonder large labels decided to steer towards the road not taken and skip the ‘designer prices’. Following in some huge names, comes the latest to create a diffusion line, Richard Chai. ‘Love’, as he calls it, is a collection that is geared for the sporty girl in us who wants to get ready in mere minutes and look fab. Mr. Chai, we’ve just added your items to our Spring wardrobe must-haves. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Dunno ’bout you, but I’d never pay fifty bucks for a single piece of clothing (let alone 425). I guess the name ‘Love’ is appropriate, because it pretty much sums up how we feel about Richard Chai’s Spring collection. Exciting to hear it will be more affordable!
Runway to Realway: 3.1 Phillip Lim October 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Counterclockwise from bottom left: *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love that studded belt!
Nordstom’s Anniversary Sale July 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert It’s that time of the year, where you can save up to hundreds of dollars on your fave clothing items. One of our personal choices for online shopping fixes? Nordstrom . Their Anniversary Sale is a unique sale event, you guys get the opportunity to save on new fall fashions! Check out some of our picks below and then head on over to the site for some more fun. *Images courtesy of nordstrom.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
All Grown Up October 1, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We are loving Ashley Tisdale’s new sleek, sophisticated look while promoting HSM3 in France. Her suede blazer, complimented with a soft gray scarf and slick hairdo are to die for. Bravo for this up and coming star, who managed to grow out of her childish role into a mature marvel. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Shopbop can make your dreams come true… July 6, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Have you ever dreamt of owning a closet full of coveted pieces ( worth $5000 )? Wanted to ever shine in the fashion arena spotlight?? Think you have the style to take you there?? All you have to do is click on the link below and follow the instructions. Good luck fashionistas!! And please do tell us if you win! Want a Chance to Win a $500 Shopbop Shopping Spree? Enter the Shopbop Most Fashionable Fan Contest!
Nicole Richie’s Fashion Line November 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review The look book for Winter Kate is here and it looks absolutely fantastic! The pieces are easy, breezy, and elegant just like Nicole Richie herself. The best thing about this line? I can totally imagine these pieces fitting perfectly with the House of Harlow jewelry line. Again, bravo Nicole for creating a celebrity designed line that’s actually wearable and very inspired. Can’t wait for those pieces to be available because I know for sure I will have more than a piece or two of Winter Kate in my spring wardrobe! P.S. It also may help that she used Vanessa Traina as her model *Images courtesy of nicolerichie.celebuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Mary Kate Olsen Chic October 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Elizabeth and James Laurent Shirt Bop Basics Harem Pants Velvet Angels Naked Lunch T Strap Wedges Aqua Satin Boyfriend Blazer *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blospot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Fave Fall Runway 2010 Hairstyles June 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Rachel Zoe Project Season 3 August 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review We’re going bananas! The Rachel Zoe Project Season 3 premeire’s tonight, August 3rd, and we’re sure it slipped some of your minds, ours included ( come on! We have a gazillion things to do these days ). But now that you know we’re sure you’ll tune in tonight at 10/9c on BRAVO. Love her or hate her, Rachel Zoe is back and as always, she is bringing the fashion and the drama with her! Starting the star-studded season off with a photo shoot for A-lister Demi Moore, the team finds themselves having a lot of trouble keeping their act up when Taylor is let go. As expected, the next-in-line Brad is then promoted, but will be he able to handle his new responsibilities? And will the team be as strong without Taylor around? Woah, can anyone sense the bitterness? “When Taylor is let go” ?! We thought she stated that she quit? Ok, more of a reason to watch! Seriously she always looks like she just threw up or is about to, she is nothing without Taylor, she fires her and then she is bot happy that she got ajob, selfish asssssss bitch This isn’t worth watching without Taylor. You really need someone to counter Brad and Rachel’s over the top-ness.It gets to be way too much. what… no Taylor? Laaamme…
From the street to your feet… April 6, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic As most of you may know by now, I’m a self-professed shoeaholic! I can literally go to the mall looking for clothes and end up with a new pairs of shoes. When it comes to designer shoes, I justify the price by looking for footwear that can only be described as a work of art. Enter these AMAZING YSLs! As soon as I spotted them in one of Tommy Ton’s Fashion Week shots I knew it was love. Unfortunately, the exact Venice Leather Sculpted Wedges are only available in gold. Fret not, these similar Totem Sued Sculpted Wedges come in black! Either way, it’s the shape of the wedge that makes them so cool… *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. SERIOUSLY HOT…I actually think the black is hotter than the gold. Like you said, it’s the shape of the wedge that stands out
Top 5 Handbags Under $1000 August 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks , Chic Under $... Every girl loves a great handbag including us Chics. Lately though, it seems like a handbag costs as much as a mortgage payment. Sometimes even more! So we decided to do you guys and ourselves a favor and go on the lookout for some hot bags under $1000 and are proud to report that we would wear every single one!!! All five bags are between $200 and $800 and each one is hotter than the next. Happy shopping 1. Marc by Marc Jacobs Big Bucket Leather Bag $560 2. Jack Rabbit Collection ‘The Concord Tote’ $672 3. Botkier Morgan Large Satchel $775 4. Sondra Roberts Ombre Folded Shopper $290 5. Treesje Maddox $572 *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Fabulous! Really like the look of these handbags iam luvin number 2 and 5! Wow! My fav one is in purple!
Making the Cut for Fall September 23, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Liza writes: “Hi, Chic Intuition. I would like to know what hairstyles are in style for the Fall and what hair colors are in as well.” For Fall it’s all about easy versatility. The most popular trends we spotted on the runways? Either pixie short or totally boho long. Hair was always tousled, so it seems like the ‘out of bed’ look is back. If you don’t want to take the plunge with a shorter do, and you still haven’t reached length-worthy locks, then try the high bun for some easy fun (especially if you’re donning a scarf). As for color, we recommend toning it down to some darker roots appropriate for the cooler weather. Good luck ladies! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week February 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Rachel Bilson’s Fashion Tips (Chic Stories) New York Fashion Week Fall 2009 Celebrity Sightings (Couture in the City) My Picks: Rodarte Fall 2009 (Le Fashion) Book This Look- Joy Bryant (My Lookbook) i-D The Twelve Best Of British Icons (Style Frizz)
Ask Chic: Linea Pelle For Less March 25, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Cindy writes: “For a long time I was looking for the right handbag and found it.. Problem: Too expensive for me; [it’s the] Linea Pelle Dylan Zip Tote in black!! I really want this bag but first I want to ask you if you may be know were I could find a very similar one which is not as expensive as the original one. Please help me..” So we know that the recession is hurting even the best of us out there, and $600 dollars for a bag might be a bit steep for some. Well, as usual, Chic Intuition will come to your rescue and we always have the answers! Don’t you think this Sabina Simone Satchel is a dead ringer for the original Dylan tote?! And for less than half of the price, we say buy away Cindy!! ( We know we rock, no need for applause thank you… ) P.S. It also comes in a really cute pink color for the summer. Enjoy! *Images courtesy of urbanoutfitters.com and lpcollection.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Thanks so much. But now haha Urban Outfitters (online) they don’t have it in black anymore.. I hope i’ll find it!!
Zara TRF Fall/Winter 2010 Ad Campaign August 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review We’re fans of Aztec prints, so we were really excited when we saw these images for Zara’s winter ad campaign. There’s something about geometric patterns that remind us of fireplaces and s’mores (two things we love about cold weather). We also wanted to remind you that Zara will be launching their online store for UK, France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, and Spain! If you’re lucky enough to live in one of these countries, mark your calendars for September 2nd! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Trend… January 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Gossip Girl Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com , popsugar.com , and gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. these are amazing ! does anyone know where gwen’s coat is from ? It’s a L.A.M.B. Straight Coat and lucky for you it’s on SALE here!
The Chain Gang May 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks When I saw these DKNY chain embellished bags I couldn’t help but swooooon! The quilting, the chains, and the delicious colors are all reason to go gaga. Also, the fact that the price points are extremely reasonable kind of seals the deal. I’m highly considering getting the dusty rose bag with the draped chains as my summer carryall. Should I take the plunge? Clockwise from top: DKNY Chain Double Flap Crossbody Bag DKNY Chain-Trim Quilted Leather Wallet DKNY Quilted-Leather Chain-Trim Bag How is $345 extremely reasonable? I love this blog but what about all of us college students? We are close to broke but still have to be fierce somehow. I got so excited when I saw ‘extremely reasonable price’ but was very disappointed when I saw the price We meant as reasonable as a designer brand can be price-wise (when compared to the norm of $2000 bags). Sorry we got you excited over that Amanda. But we always consider students on tight budgets here at CI, we’ve even dedicated a whole Cheap Chic section for that. So don’t fret, we’ve got your back and will hopefully dedicate a post to fierce bags under $200 soon 😉 Thanks so much-that’ll be awesome! I do love looking at all the amazin designer bags anyways, even if I can’t afford them!
Oscar Style Sinners February 23, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com and gofugyourself.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Hmm… Vogue actually named Jessica Biel as the third best dressed of the whole night! And I think I agree with them, the color is great on her and I like the unique bow! To be honest I hated her hair, the dress’ silhouette was frumpy, and the bow thing was too messy. Regarding the Vogue list, I didn’t really agree with all their choices. This year especially the looks were overall lackluster in my opinion and I think it resulted in a huge variation on the picks for best dressed. OMG i luv Miley Cyrus’ dress and Beyonce’s dress. I just wish Beyonce had some earrings on. Miley’s dress is so not her age. And beyonce’s dress looks like its made out of her grandmother’s old curtains. Jessica Biel’s dress was lame. No shape whatsoever. And the color is so drab. Tilda was by far one of the best!
Rachel Zoe’s Makeup Bag January 19, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Thanks to style.com , we were able to get an insider’s look at Rachel Zoe’s makeup bag. Typical of the Zoester, the collection is full of luxury items (a cream for $1000???) that are waaay out of the normal fashionista’s reach. Luckily for us, though, she also has a liking for some more affordable products making it possible for all of us to get our hands on a piece of the Zoe! Girls, get beautified Clockwise from left: *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. im confused why anyone would want to look like her (other than her wardrobe of course) obviously the cream isnt worth 1000 LOVE Rachel, just got the foundation and Chanel nail polish in Vamp all I have to say is…WORTH EVERY PENNY
Beyonce Printed Pants Chic April 23, 2012 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve been eying these Stella McCartney Hawaiian-Print Silk Tapered Pants for awhile and pondering whether or not to go through with the purchase. Is the pattern too Hawaiin getaway cheesy? Are the pants even wearable off the runway? But once we spotted Miss B out and about in them, we were completely sold. We love how she decided to keep the focus on the pants, and mute everything else to a basic minimum. Talk about a stylish mom! *Image courtesy of whowhatwear.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Happy Happy Joy Joy! July 4, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized
Street Chic: Paris October 5, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic Louise has managed to make us all crave cold weather… *Image courtesy altamiranyc.blogspot.com . black + black= beautiful! love it!
Chic Inspiration July 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find then TEACH US how! 😛 ALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA- I want!! habbity il yideeeda!! ALaaaaaa thanks for posting a gorgeous do!
Get the Look: Leather Love July 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic We were so drawn to this fellow Street Chicer that we had to re-invent the look for you all. Nothing says style like a leather skirt and mesh shoulders. Sigh . Urban Outfitters Brixton Pack Straw Bowler $38 Myne ‘Drew’ Mesh Cutout Tee $158 See by Chloe Leather Skirt $280 Coloriffics Women’s Cyndi Lace Sandal $46 (on sale!) Madame a Paris Handbag $29 *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She looks amazing!
Hollywood’s Latest Crush: Dylan George April 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find So who’s the hottie that every single celeb is toting along with her to Lakers games, clubs, and Beso dinners? His name is Dylan George, and we have to admit that we’re falling for him too. No, he’s not the latest Twilight movie character, but a brand of distressed denim! Got you there, didn’t we?! Either way, we think this label’s a keeper, and can’t wait to get our hands on a pair. The great thing about these jeans is that they’re torn to perfection, not too sleazy and not too minimal. You can dress them up or down, depending on your mood and the occasion. The perfect pair? We think so! Get them here . *Image courtesy of singer22.com .
Chic Obsession: Jennifer Zeuner May 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Obsessions I’d never heard of Jennifer Zeuner until I spotted the hottest silver hamsa bracelet online. I had just gotten myself a gold one from a trip to Lebanon, and my younger sister spotted it and wanted one (suddenly a wave of guilt went over me, why didn’t I buy her one as well?!). So I was determined to go on an online witch hunt and track a similar one down. I was pleasantly suprised when I spotted the Jennifer Zeuner Mini Hamsa Diamond Bracelet , and for the fraction of the price I had bought mine! So I obviously took the plunge and ordered one for sis. Little did I know that some of our fashion mentors (Whitney Port, Vanessa hudgens, Lauren Conrad, and Rachel Zoe) were huge fans of the label! Kudos to my ‘Chic Intuition’ *wink wink* You can get some of the love here . *Image courtesy of singer22.com .
The blazer… March 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Guessing January 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Can you guess who the designer of these oh co chic tie-dye pumps is? Hint: the label’s name kinda sounds like ‘ baby ‘. (Ok, we totally just gave it away.) *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Wow, love them! 😉
Chic Reads January 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Tips for Wearing a Scarf (Chic Stories) Celebrity Gossip: Kristin Cavallari Has 80’s Themed Birthday Party (Couture in the City) Platinum Blonde Life (Le Fashion) Reader Request (My Lookbook) Gossip Girls Blake Lively And Taylor Momsen Take Vogue and Page Six (Style Frizz)
No, No, No! September 24, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic You know your bag is too big for you when A) you, your boyfriend and your drinks can fit in there B) your bf is contemplating leaving you, while using your bag to stash his belongings in C) when, in the first time in history, we have a Balenciaga in a “Not Chic”post! *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. nasty! when will this girl learn!? These dos personage annoy me! Why are they even famous……. Ukh! I totally agree! She might as well be holding a Balenciaga billboard over her head, that’s the impression i’m getting their bags are usually so beautiful, but of course Heidi Montag had to come destroy that image!
Save Up to 70%!!! November 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com .
Blake Lively Chic August 22, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks The first thing I noticed when spotting this picture of Blake Lively on the set of Gossip Girls was her accessories. Talk about perfecting the mis-match. I never would have consciously thought to pair natural leather booties with a gray bag. But seems like the muted colors of her outfit allow the otherwise clashing tones to pass this style test with flying colors! Her hot hand-candy is the Celine Watch Me Work bag that retails for $2,100. And get this: her shoes are by Nine West! They’re called Iceblue and go for $109. Applause for the wardrobe stylists! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
New at Net-A-Porter February 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Shop here . AMAZING SELECTION!!! Love the YSL love it i love the ysl and thomas wylde. i love going to net a porter. i have a wishlist on there.
HSM3 Fashion Tour October 7, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Okay so I know it’s a press tour, but it’s hard to stay focused when the cast of High School Musical is looking so good! It seems like no matter what country they’re in, each one of them manages to look fantastic at every single press event and even while on the streets eating and shopping all around Europe. I definitely am enjoying their looks but I bet their stylists are exhausted! Check it out: *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. hahahaha the guy on the far right!!! i forgot his name but he looks like he slept in a baseball hat to get his hair like that. I loved his natural curls he should’ve just kept it as it was!
Rebecca Taylor Spring 2012 September 11, 2011 | Tags: Chic Review Our first show on Day 2 was that of the lovely Rebecca Taylor. Her show was a mixture of ethereal nudes and a few pops of color. The dark lasercut lace pieces towards the end were also a nice surprise among the other muted looks. We absolutely loved the yellow, the paillettes, and the chunky sweaters. The handbags and shoes designed by Taylor herself were also a huge hit. Will they be on the market? We definitely hope so! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Tough Cookie February 22, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Charlie My Love Mini Studded Cheyenne Bag Low Luv x Erin Wasson Two Tone Scarab Ring Jeffrey Campbell Montreal Perforated Suede Booties Equipment Sleeveless Daddy Blouse That Equipment Top RoCKS! Love it! The bag and shoes are seriously to die for. Hello, Im sure you two must be very busy after NYFW (lucky you!!) but since I know how well dressed you both are, I was wondering if you could help me out a bit. I have a 70s/80s party tomorrow, and I have absolutely no idea on what to wear. Any help would really be appreciated. -sunray
Lanvin Pre-Fall 2009= LUXE January 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks What recession? Lanvin opts to deal with it by living in denial… Gotta admit though, if denial looks that good, I may just do the same! (Drool) *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Galliano Resort 2009 August 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks I can’t wait for spring 2009 so I can don these confectionery creations… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution Inc.
Blake Lively Chic May 26, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Spotted: Blake Lively out at an event with Penn Badgely during her off-time from Gossip Girl. Just because the season has ended doesn’t mean we can’t follow up on the cast’s style right? They aren’t as immaculately dressed as Blair and Serena, but I’m sure they’ve picked up a style tip or two from them along the way. Blake’s outfit has been dubbed online as controversial due to the sequin leggings. I on one hand L.O.V.E it! I think it’s modern and fresh and perfectly toned down with her oversized white shirt and nude heels. Feel similarly? Check out my attempt below: *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I HEART the stella mcCartney mesh basket sandals…. Those sandals are to die for!!!XD; i’ve seen them on some blogs that Bebe has a replica of it in a much affordable range:)
Shoes Galore! June 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com .
Two Knowles are Better than One! October 31, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of usmagazine.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Emma Watson really… December 9, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get it here . *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. shes so chic! love her new style and everything but I will never like her hair :/
This is BANANAS! January 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert For all of you who still can’t get enough of Rachel Zoe after watching her show, we have great news. Piperlime is having a contest and they’re giving two lucky people a chance to live in R Zoe’s shoes for a day! Your winnings will include a flight for two to LA, a stay at the Roosevelt Hotel, a shopping spree at Rachel’s favourite spots, the chance to have lunch with the Zoe-ster (as I call her) herself, and to top it off- Piperlime shoes! Who knows? Maybe she’ll even bring along Taylor and Brad? Ready to Shut It Down??? I am! Let the games begin! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com , zimbio.com , and bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What a trip that would be, I mean just look at her! Incredible style…
JLo Chic September 19, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic
Lauren Conrad + LA Fashion Week October 15, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Let’s just say I’m very underimpressed… Will she ever give us anything different? *Images courtesy of fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. EEEEW! that is a first collection for fashion 101…lol
Amerie Wardrobe Chic November 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Sometimes you need to see how someone else dresses in order to regain your personal style motivation. We thought that this video with Amerie was so inspirational, that we decided to show you all. The Elle shoot was filled with tons of Alexander Wang, Rag & Bone, and anything edgy. In fact, after you watch the video take a look at our personal take on her style with these super stylish picks we think every lady should have for Fall. Happy Shopping!
Chic Gift Guide for… November 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Antik Batik Meji Tee Silk Blouse $375 2. RingsEclectic Oversized Stone-Embellished Ring $78 3. Kenneth Jay Lane Bib Coin Necklace $255 4. Anna Sui Lurex Flecked Silk-Blend Dress 5. Twelfth St. by Cynthia Vincent Tweed Boho Cardigan $394 6. Tracy Zych Black Kane Bag $775 7. Boutique 9 Juell Stud & Stone Suede Boots $250 8. Bop Basics Fringe Scarf $58 9. Moyna Handbags Indian Print Fold Over Clutch $158 10. Isharya Freshwater Pearl-Embellished Earrings $205 I really like these earrings!
Hat Attack September 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Hats were huge this summer, fedora frenzy and all, but the fall runways seemed to have encouraged covering the ol’ noggin up as well. Honestly, we love hats for the mere fact that they serve as saviors during bad hair days (or weeks). So get ready to don some chic headwear this winter, by taking a que from the best of the best: Lola Buckle Beret Victor Osbourne Miles Ribbed Ribbon Fedora Lola Suede Bow Fedora *Images courtesy of intermixonline.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Victoria Beckham Chic July 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Wa-wa-wee-waaa!! Is that how they spell it?! Oh who cares, you guys got my point. Vicky Beckham is looking just fab in her airport attire ( I mean, seriously, is she ever seen in sweats? ). The dotted shirt and high-waisted trousers are a perfect combo, and we wanted to re-create the look for less. Try this L’autre Chose shirt , these AX pants , and this Forever21 bag . Voila! That simple. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
If this aint fierce… December 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks then we don’t know what is. These are the perfect ‘ I need to get back at you know who ‘ shoes. They’re high and fly. Check them out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. SICK!!!!!!!!! LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!! xx.M
CFDA Awards: Bright & Beautiful June 16, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Our fave trend of the night would have to be, hands down, the brightly colored dresses. I mean, it’s summer so might as well, no ? The best thing about wearing color is that, no matter how tired you are, it instantly brightens up your mood, kinda like chocolate covered strawberries ( yum ). Our fave fashionista for the night? Blake Lively. Does the fact that we already miss Gossip Girl have anything to do with this? Who knows.. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and celebrity-gossip.net . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE the dresses! Blake looks absolutely gorgeous with that tan and dress! I don’t know how i feel about that pink dress on her. I think she could have chosen something a little more chic. I love that Jason Wu dress, and Blake looks beautiful in pink. Very jealous :o) WOW!! The Kors hot-pink number is just stunning, particularly on her lovely tan skin!
Watch Out! August 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Watches are the ultimate status symbol. The more bling, the more bang. Most hot watches come with an even hotter ( and by hotter we mean firey ) pricetag. But thanks to Michael Kors , you can get yourself an amazingly hot Men’s inspired oversized watch for a good $244. Loves it. *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and zappos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i had a chance to buy one in NYC and i passed it up… sooo stupid! You can get it online! Just click on the link in the post.
Look to Try: Bubblegum Lips May 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks When I saw this look straight off the Fall runways, something about it screamed SPRING! I could instantly imagine pairing this bold hue of lipstick with a white top and jeans and a pair of metallic flats… I just had to have it and I knew I’d find a similar shade at none other but MAC. Bubblegum lips even sounds cute! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. how would this look on someone of color? I would still do bold pink lips but maybe a more pastel pink like the one Rihanna wears. k thanxs
Another reason to love Alexander Wang… November 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it ” target=”new”>here .
Make a Statement January 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Jami Rodriguez Buried Octopus Necklace Rebecca Norman Hammered Disk Necklace Gerard Yosca Crystal Ribbon Necklace
Get the Look: Feathered Frenzy October 11, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Get it here . *Image courtesy of vogue.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Really love that feather look for the Autumn and Winter, looks super stylish as well as cosy for the cold!
Ask Chic: Fall Trends August 20, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Andrea asks: “I’m from Philadelphia, this is [my] final year in high school and then I am off into the world. But before I go, I have to let them know who is the divine one (lol). I need to know what is in for fall/ winter 2008/2009″ Good question. Although we’ve been postings tidbits about what to expect for the Fall, we felt like Andrea’s question was a good time to mesh together all of our fave upcoming trends. Take a look at what’s in, and realistically achievable on a college student’s budget, for this upcoming season. *Images courtesy of style.com , net-a-porter.com and facehunter.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Who makes the leather jacket in this post?? It’s by Mike & Chris. They are really notorious for their great moto jackets. It’s a bit pricey at around $1,000, but we think it’s a great investment. It’s available at Net-a-Porter (the link to the right). ahhhh..that miu miu red bag will be the END OF ME!
We wonder… July 12, 2008 | Tags: Real Life Chic How can two sisters, so close in age, have such different taste? We know that “to each her own”, but people, when one is trashy and the other is trendy it just gets us thinking… Does one never tell the other what she thinks of her outfit? I mean, if my sister were to leave the house in, lets say, neon hot pants, I’d literally force her to take them off. Now, if she was wearing a tasteless dress, I’d politely convince her into an outfit change. Only makes us wonder (and actually come to the conclusion): Does Nicky Hilton secretly hate Paris? ( oooh aren’t we sneaky little detectives?! ) *Image courtesy of popsugar.com, handbagdesigner101.com and my-perfect-designer-handbag.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. oh.my.gosh. what is paris wearing in the second photo?! golden clogs? paris, those socks?! what the hell were you thinkin?! lol! i had to link this one to my post. i also find nicky’s style so much better. and now that paris is “gone M.i.a.” (well kinda with the bf and all) nicky’s finally in the spotlight! i wonder if paris will copy? i do like paris’s maxi dress though. but i HATE that neon bag in the last pic for example.
Two is Better than One May 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks I’m the kinda girl that likes to pair her rings on one hand. I mean, if I’m going to wear one, why not give it a little companion? These days, I find it harder to abide by my natural instinct and pair my rings together, since my morning ritual consists of running through the door with whatever jewelry I can grab while balancing my coffee in the other hand. So I finally came to the conclusion that, ‘ hey maybe I should purchase a double finger ring’ and just make it that much easier? Take a look at our top picks for double finger rings: Erica Anenberg Double Finger Ring $280 Bing Bang Arrow Two Finger Ring $215 Iwona Ludyga Design Double Rock Ring $130 Boucheron Double Ring $2,450 *Images courtesy of their respective links and shutterstock.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cynthia Rowley Spring 2010 September 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review The moment we took a look at Rowley’s latest collection, we were in pure awe. The clothing struck us as something a demented woman of the 50s would wear, one who dreams of flowers and spiders, sunsets and hurricanes. So it was no surprise when we read that Cynthia said the concept was “ something that’s both scary and pretty “. The blurry fabrics, the unpredictably slashed dresses and skewed bangs all pointed to her theory, and we are eating it up. Once again, great job Cynthia. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Golden Globe Winners January 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Kate Beckinsale- A creamy confection! Eva Mendes- Dior I love you even more. Evan Rachel Wood- Someone really cleaned up their act. Eva Longoria- Caliente! Olivia Wilde- On the red carpet, this girl can do no wrong. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Faith 21: First Look April 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Review The highly anticipated plus-size line, Faith21, will be officially launching online and in stores on May 1st! We’ve got the first images from their stylebook, and all we can say is…impressive! So does this mean I should stop my mini diet and go back to my chocaholic ways, now that there’s chic apparel options for all sizes? Nibbling on junk never felt this guilt free! *Images courtesy of forever21. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. These clothes look beautiful. & I love how they used actual plus-sized models, not just size 6 girls with bigger hips. I really love the white top that they paired with the black pants. Good job Forever 21. Don`t want to sound like a total bitch but god, that girl does not look good. I think that leggings and mini skirts are for slender persons not for the chubby ones, you can see the cellulite in her legs and her knees! If you want to put that type of clothes then loose the extra pounds. Its people.. not persons Also, yes it does make you sound like a total bitch because fashion is for everybody, and not only “slender persons” She’s hardly plus size! But kudos to them!!!! To the woman who doesn’t want to sound like a bitch:
Chanel Les Khakis Collection August 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review , Makeup Chic If you’re a fan of khakis then you’re in luck, Chanel is coming up with a line of colors inspired by this very fabric for New York’s Fashion’s Night Out. It will be sold exclusively at Chanel boutiques and select department stores September 10, 2010. *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oooh I love these colors.
Kate Lanphear Bracelet Chic September 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic As soon as this image of Kate’s arm hit the net, bloggers everywhere went crazy. The studs, silver, jewels, leather and chains are just…… we can’t even find the words! This chic fashion editor is one trendsetter, and we have to admit that since she took over the reigns at the Elle, the mag has seen some great improvements. Now, back to her wrist: we love. To get the look: Kenneth Jay Lane Double Pyramid Cuff Leila Thin Chain Bangles Anna Beck Sterling Silver Square with Black Leather Bracelet Pade Vavra Sapphire Stalatite Ring *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love the gold and silver combo! I’m just in love with it all!
Victoria Beckham’s Chanel Craze December 4, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Anyone else digging the huge Chanel quilted bag that Vic is toting around London? Our familiarity with Chanel has clued us in on the fact that it’s probably vintage, since the logo is super-sized. Any takers? We found an almost identical version up for grabs at Vintage Paris (comes with a $3,000 price tag might we add), or you can check ebay as well. Good luck! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: Global Edition December 4, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtes of thesartorialist.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love that grey sweater!!!
Balmain Zipper Bootie for Less October 3, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find Ahh, Balmain. We were just discussing their glorifying nature of design, for those lucky enough to afford their products. For the rest of us out there? Let’s just say thank the Almighty for Zara, H&M, and other outlets. We’re able to wear the trends of this season for prices that won’t deduct our bank statements for seasons to come. Our latest obsession? Balmain Zipper Booties . We know not everyone can afford to drop $1,495 on a pair of booties, so we went looking for a version 1/5th the price . We screamed hallelujah when we saw these Pour La Victoire Women’s Adriane Bootie . They come in 3 hot shades: black, red, and gray. Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. omg i’m in love with those boots 😀 http://xfashionvictimx.blogspot.com/
Kate Moss for Topshop Spring 09 February 12, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic What can you expect from the ‘most fashionable’ female out there? A lot when she’s designing a fashion line for hip label Topshop . We’ve been reviewing it every season, and weren’t really wowed by anything. But we always gave her the benefit of the doubt, and selected a few of our faves. On the other hand, this season is like no other. Why may you ask? Well, Ms Moss has chosen to take her inspiration from… a nursing home! ( We kid, we kid ). But honestly, after taking a look at the awful line, the only thing that comes to our minds is that grandmas everywhere will stand tall and proud, and might even purchase a few pieces if they’d fit. Representing the elderly in your fashions is a yes, but trying to sell them to 20 year old fashionistas is a MAJOR NO ! Blech… *Images courtesy of topshop.com and thesimpsons.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Flares Are the New Skinnies… February 16, 2011 | Tags: Chic Tips I was recently invited to a Western themed shower and was adamant on finding something suitable right in my closet so I wouldn’t have to buy some ridiculous get-up that I’d only get to wear once. While browsing my ‘archives’ as I like to call them (think early 2000s) I stumbled on a pair of studded light wash bell bottom jeans. I must say that I was absolutely thrilled that they fit me considering that I was about 18 when I bought them. The fact that I just had a baby may have turned the volume of happiness up a notch. With that feeling of overwhelming pride, I had a strong desire to wear them out of the house and am happy to say that I finally can. Flares are back baby and are expected to be the hit silhouette for the summer. I actually feel confident enough to deem them the ‘new skinnies’. Get your Current/Elliott The High Rise Bell Jeans asap ladies! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. they’re DOMINATING the runways here at NYFW!
On my Winter Wishlist October 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Desert Storm December 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find The hippie in us jumped to joy when we spotted this ring . The oxidized silver with a teardrop-shaped Persian turquoise stone would be the perfect addition to a simple outfit. We also love the fact that it’s both gold and silver; matches with everything! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love it! Its seems very Mary Kate Olsen. Love it. LOVE THIS RING!
Happy Halloween! October 31, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized *Images courtesy of michaeljacksonsecrets.com , novelnovicetwilight.files.wordpress.com , and zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m going Boy George 😀 He just happens to be my favorite 80’s style icon (: as* haha After changing my mind a million times, finally I’ll be Edie Sedgwick. Boy George! Love it!!! I was a vampire haha sooo typical! “In my room studying girl”!! That’s what I go as. UGHHHH, a day in the life.
Rihanna Jumper Chic November 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Click here to get our version of the jumper. *Images courtesy of prphotos.com and asos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Hey love,
The Odd One Out January 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Seems like an odd pairing (and seating arrangement) if you ask us, but after gazing at the picture for a while, we feel like they’d make a cute match. Front row at Eliee Saab’s couture Paris show, we wouldn’t mind being seated next to a garbage can. Side note, how amazing does Mischa (finally) look?! Wow girl cleans up nicely when offered a designer dress and some professional makeup. Only negative: the stringy hair and Lindsay- esqu e hair extensions *Image courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What is the dress she is wearing?? Is it also Elie Saab?? It’s gorgeous! Yes it’s Elie depends on the pic if she´s good looking or not: http://jezebel.com/5141231/2009-paris-couture-shows-kanye-west-has-cooties
I’ve died & gone to shoe heaven… November 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Saving is my middle name. July 29, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
See by Chloe Oversized Canvas Tote August 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Wow! I love this See by Chloe Rainbow Oversized Canvas Tote . I know, I know, beach season is almost over but this tote can easily be worn during the fall season as well. You can use it to carry books, groceries, even as a regular handbag on casual outings. With a price of $135 for See by Chloe, I’m sure you’ll find a way to fit this piece into your daily routine. I think I’m gonna get the red… How about you? *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Just belt it. November 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We are so dying over this belt it’s not even funny. Do you think we should have made it into a ‘just add a tee post’? Nah…you can just add a tee, add a fur vest like in the pic, add a blouse, add a dress….you get the picture. And you need to get the belt ! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. both BELT and VEST are MUST HAVES.
Street Chic No: The Overaccessorizing Chronicles July 24, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Sometimes your outfit may be spot on and yet one too many accessories can take it over the edge. Check out the examples below where a little editing would have done a lot of good! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I agree, although the girl in the middle has really cute shoes on. Can you find out where to get them? Thank you!
FALLON Labrynth Chandelier Earrings April 7, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Graphics courtey of Chic Intuition LLC.
OhMyOhMyOhMy December 2, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks This is why we heart Net-a-Porter . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love those pantssss! ohmyyyyy….. xxx
Ask Chic: Kate Moss’ Lace Up Booties February 16, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Janna writes: “Hi Chic Intuition! I am a huge fan of your site and am thrilled whenever you post a new entry. I have a question regarding those lace up ankle boots I’ve been seeing around numerous fashion blogs and also saw Kate Moss sporting. Where can you buy a pair that wont hurt my pocket? Thanks and more power to Chic Intuition!” So Janna can we safely assume that you’re talking about the Minnetonka Boots? If that’s the case, then don’t despair! There are many versions of these popular shoes online. To start off, the actual Minnetonka’s aren’t that expensive, especially the ankle length version at $44.95! You can get them here . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of minnetonka.co.uk. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Style Muse of the Day: Kate Lanphearce January 21, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Flow May 12, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of lefashionimage.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: Sea of Shoes December 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview The daughter of an ex-fashion model and designer who gave it all up to raise her two girls, Jane Aldrige is living and breathing proof that sometimes fashion is just in your blood. A self-professed shoeaholic, and trust me when I say shoeaholic, Jane takes you into a fantasy world that all us fashionistas would kill to live in even just for a day. Between her and her mom, this girl has almost every IT shoe ever made and knows how to wear them with style. Being a shoe addict myself, I find Jane’s blog Sea of Shoes extremely addictive and can’t wait to see what she’ll come up with next. Also, the rare cameos made by Jane’s equally stylish and beautiful mom definitely makes for an added treat. Check out what Jane had to say about her love of shoes, her mother, and her eternal ramen noodle eating existence and prepare to fall in love… Chic Intuition: Let’s start off by saying we love your style and your insanely amazing shoe collection. Being a shoe-aholic myself, I find it difficult to stop sometimes. How do you know when you’ve reached your shoe-buying limit? Jane: Ramen for a week straight. Chic Intuition: How old were you when you started your love affair with shoes? Jane: I have to say that my love affair with shoes really started when I was old enough to wear them-I got my first pair of heels for my 15th birthday. But vintage cowboy boots were my first shoe obsession, that started when I was about 12. My grandma and grandpa run a business selling cowboy boots on eBay so they would always find awesome boots for me. Chic Intuition: What inspired you to start blogging about your footwear obsession? Jane: Blogs are a great way to connect with the fashion world-living in Small Town, TX thats something thats hard for me to do! I was definitely inspired by blogs like Style Bubble and Kingdom of Style-I never had thought of a blog as a creative outlet for my love of fashion. Chic Intuition: After reading that you were a junior in high school and seeing what you wore to one of your free dress days, we just have to know how your peers react to your outrageous outfits? Jane: I think I’m regarded around school as an eccentric figure-people find my outfits entertaining, and I get lots of compliments about my shoes. When I wore a Comme des Garcons skirt over jeans my friends wanted me to take it off so they could try it on. Chic Intuition: From your blog, we were able to deduce that your mom was a former model/fashion designer. Obviously, fashion is in your blood and so we must ask – how has your mother’s style influenced your own? Jane: My mom is the best shopping buddy. I am grateful to have been able to learn so much about the fashion industry from her-she also has an astounding knowledge of vintage clothing and is particularly skilled when it comes to scouring thrift stores and eBay for fabulous vintage designer pieces. My mom has fabulous style-this week she has been wearing vintage 501’s everyday with random thriftstore jackets and crazy over-the-top shoes. Every day she has on a new combination of jacket and shoes-it’s been very fun to watch the evolution of her intechangable wardrobe. Chic Intuition: Being known to be a little ‘out there’ with our fashion choices, we pale in comparison to you. How do you get over the nervousness of taking a risk with such bold fashion choices? Jane: Hahaha! I guess I never think too much about being “out there”-sometimes people tell me I look outrageous, and I’m like, “Really? Why?” I see clothes as what they are: clothes! I can’t really differentiate a pencil skirt and a tutu in terms of outrageouness. When you live in a happy little fashion bubble like I do, you don’t think too much about how your outfits are percieved by other people. Chic Intuition: We are so sorry for making you choose (we know we’d have a hard time with it ourselves) but who is your favourite fashion/shoe designer and why? Jane: Since you’re making me choose I’m going to have to break it down. Margiela for clothes-the most directional designer and Dries van Noten for shoes-consistently well designed and there is always a pair of Dries I lust for season after season. Dries is definitely my stand-by. Not to mention his are the most comfortable shoes. Chic Intuition: Do you plan to study something fashion related when you graduate from high school? Jane: Definitely! I can’t wait to live a life consumed by fashion-it’s what I love. I love it so much that it’s hard for to narrow down what field of fashion I would like to be a part of–but something along the lines of being an editor, stylist, or brand consultant might be the direction that I’m heading. Chic Intuition: Where do you usually shop for shoes and what’s the most you’ve ever spent on one pair? Jane: Barney’s is usually a good connect for a lot of my favorite designers-but sometimes I’ll score good pairs on eBay or order from Browns Fashion. I’m learning to be more resourceful when it comes to finding exactly the pair of shoes I want-I’m squandering my first paycheck on my #1 pair of shoes for Spring 09. As for how much I’ve spent on one pair-let’s just say Ramen was [the] main food group in my household for a very long time. Chic Intuition: Lastly, a philosophical question, how high is too high? Jane: As high as you’d like-without dislocating your hips that is. she was just in philadelphia and she is even more fabulous in person! great article xo thanks for this, it’s very inspiring to me, living in texas with what seems to be a lack of people who care about what they are wearing… She is SO cute! I try to imagine the size of her shoe/clothes collection by the time she’s 40. I hope she keeps everything. Like your intervieuws :)))
LFW Street Chic September 22, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Style.com made a bold move by hiring Tommy Ton to replace Scott Schuman as their official Fashion Week street style photographer. If you haven’t seen Tommy’s work before, you can check it out at jakandjil.com . Honestly, I think it’s a great move. Tommy’s style and attention to detail is unique and really gives another angle to the sometimes redundant typical street style photos. Instead, he zooms in his camera to certain details that reall make the picture pop! Check out some of his work from London Fashion Week so far… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Adore Tommy and style.com and how your graphics combine both!
Charlotte Ronson Spring 2010 September 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review The theme? Off duty dancer. The execution? Tons of comfort meets chic looks. Filled with a lot of off-the-shoulder crop tops, acid-wash bodysuits, and powder-pink mesh leggings ( knee length, which we thought were gorge ), the show was a thumbs up in our books. The designer best summed it up herself, “It’s classical meets street”. We thought this was a huge departure for the line, which showed great promise and talent. Bravo Charlotte! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. wow, haha i love the bike shorts
Gilt Fuse Sales of the Day August 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Hey ladies! Just a quick reminder that today is the official opening of GILT FUSE! The site launches at 12pm Eastern Time. Prices to the items below were cut from around $300 to $80!!! If you’re already a member of Gilt , you have instant access to Gilt Fuse. If you aren’t already a member, click here for an invite to the sale bonanza site. *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: A Sale on the Sale! September 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit. *Image courtesy of shopbop.com
GI.VEN.CHY December 11, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Oh dear God please help me, I can’t seem to take my eyes off this stellar pair. Get them here . *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
LC: L.A. Candy June 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Yesterday was the official book launch of Lauren Conrad’s L.A. Candy. The story is loosely based on her personal experience, where they “ tell a behind-the scenes story of a young girl who moves to L.A. and unexpectedly becomes the star of a reality television show. The books will be loosely inspired by my own experience and are definitely influenced by my own life. Some of the characters may symbolize people in my life, but it is in no way calling anyone out. “ Check out LC in her 3.1 Philip Lim dress and glowing tan. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Cat-eyed Extreme August 27, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic This makeup trend isn’t for the weary of the heart. If you, like us, crave the attention sometimes than you’re bound to get it with this look. Cat eye amped up to the max with creamy eyeshadow is the perfect accessory for a night out. Just keep the rest of the face to an extreme bare minimum. We’d recommend using a shadow all over your lids, and topping it off with a dab of Vaseline for extra shine. Yep, all the pros use this drugstore jelly for extra shine. Try this MAC Pigment Eyeshadow in Bloodline . It’s a new formula that adheres to the skin and doesn’t streak or cake! *Image courtesy of thepop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Lately I’ve been known for my cat eye liner. This is definately I change and I’m willing to explore it! Thanks guys! […] The extreme cat eye is a must try for my winter makeup looks. (I’m just worried I’ll make a mess […]
Leopard Lust March 1, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find If you don’t own a leopard bag, and have been on the lookout for one, then this baby is the bag of all bags. It’s a suede messenger bag with gold tone hardware by Givenchy, it’s coveted by all fashionistas, and was just released online by ssense.com . Take a closer look at the Leopard Pandora Messenger if you dare… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. well.. I’m not really a friend of leopard pattern, but this look awesome <3 la petit poucet
Shopbop Love August 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Usually, I’d say you can’t buy my love. But this time, I think it’s ok for Shopbop to try and pass me a couple of bucks here and there. In addition to their Free Shipping ( local and international , rules apply ), they have a great offer up today. If you want some dough, click here for more info. *Image courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. can you do a post about elizabeth and james? mary kate and ashleys brand? i wonder if they actually wear it.
Ask Chic: Ashley Tisdale’s Sunglasses December 8, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Priscilla writes: “I spied these shots of Ashley Tisdale the other day, and I’ve got to ask, where do I find these!? The site actually called them Ray Bans, which I knew immediately that they were not. I see no signature Ray Ban [logo] on the side, and they are not the Wayfarers that everyone seems to be wearing these days. So all I have to say is HELP! Thank you so much” Ok, so we have to give you props for IDing the sunnies as not being Wayfarers, since they look quite similar to them. The fact that the frames are a bit larger and more rounded than the classic model of Ray Bans clued us into their brand. If we had to guess, we’d say that Ashley’s red sunglasses are by Super. The specific model is called ‘Zeiss Rock Hard’ and retails for $128. You can purchase them here . Chic choice Priscilla! *Images courtesy of tobi.com and imageshack.us . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Mary Kate Olsen’s Leather Jacket December 1, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Huong writes: “What’s a girl to do when she falls in love with a piece a celebrity dons and has NO IDEA what it is? Well, I know I can always rely on you guys to help me find it or at least an alternative!!! I love the black jacket on Mary Kate Olsen and gotta have it! Thanks ahead, you ladies never fail me!” Thanks sweetie! We’d be fools not to recognize this jacket since our readers ask us about it soo much. So don’t worry, we’re sure its a Rick Owens. Only problem? It’s from a few years ago, so the exact model isn’t available. But if we know one thing about Owens, it’s that he takes his basic cowl neck asymmetrical leather jacket and designs variations season to season, that’s why they’re so worth the investment. So you can either try this Rick Owens Drkshdw Cowl Neck Jacket that retails for $1,373 ( and for TODAY ONLY, use code SSENSECM for 30% off!!! ) or this Rick Owens Blistered Side Zip Leather Jacket . Too high for your budget? Then why not try this almost identical Veda Max Classic Leather Jacket that goes for $660! Phew! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love this jacket as well, and while browsing through Nordstrom’s selection of leather jackets, I found this one that is almost identical: shape and ribbing!
A Little Studded Piece of Heaven January 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Not Too Shabby August 19, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find Wow. Nice. Love to pair it with some distressed denim shorts and I’m ready to go. Easy, simple, chic. *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love this… need this http://www.theavenuea.blogspot.com I LOVE THIS! Miranda Kerr is definitely one to watch! I have the OG of this top it’s Philip Lim like 3-4 seasons ago. Love it! LOVE IT!
These are a few of my favorite things… August 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. gorgeous earrings! i love the “au lait” version, too.
You Voted: Rihanna’s Bronzed Beauty Look September 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll , Chic Video , Makeup Chic Well Chic Readers, now’s the time to reveal our big surprise. Remember the poll we had two weeks ago, where you were to select your fave makeup look? Hands down your fave was Rihanna’s bronzed eyes. Interested in achieving the look? We’ve collaborated with the amazing MakeupGeek , and she’s created a step-by-step tutorial for you! Love her . You should totally follow her on YouTube. To get the products she uses click here . Take a look below: Wow! Thanks guys! Can’t wait to try it out! wow!! loved the vid! thanks all MakeupGeek is the bomb! cool vid Nice, thanks! Looks better on Rihanna though…=/
Shopbop Fall Sale! September 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok, this might be the second alert of the day, but it’s SO worth it. People wait months for the Shopbop Fall Sale , and ladies: it’s finally here! You can choose from 30%, 50%, and even up to 70% off your fave fall picks. Winter never looked so hot! Oh, and don’t forget they have free shipping ( US or International Orders above $100 ). Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of shopbop.com I love statement earrings!
A hint of Jil April 24, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks We love the floral theme that Jil Sander took to a whole new level in her Spring 2011 RTW collection. Daring, we should add, but very pretty for the Summer. Personally would we wear that much print on a top or skirt? Hmm..no. But have we found the perfect alternative to rocking her trend? Yes! Check out these Jil Sander Floral Ankle Cuff Sandals . *Image courtesy of style.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Ultimate Party Blazer December 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. omg. if only i had enough to buy this! I so would!!!
Gray Day September 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Sometimes you just feel like you want to wear gray. It doesn’t necessarily allude to the fact that you’re down and miserable, you might want to look tough and rough or feel like hiding under the radar. Either way, check out all these celebs that were wearing gray yesterday, either on a date, running errands, or to grab a bite to eat and get inspired … *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Actually gray is one of my all time favs to dress… For winter with black and white it’s amazing! I love all things grey and neutral
A Taxbreak from Shopbop! April 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Inspired by- Kate Hudson+Elle January 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. It hurts just to look at 😛 just kidding!!! I love the dress (the one near the bracelet) it’s very girly… BJS *keep it stylish* heres my take on yellow! http://dustydress.blogspot.com/2009/01/135-todays-outfit-beyond-happy.html
House of Harlow 1960 September 28, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Review After the news broke that one of our fave fashionistas, Nicole Richie, would be pairing up with jumbo jewelers Mouawad , we were ecstatic. She’s not one to shy away from accessories, and the fact that “The collection is targeted at girls in their teens to women in their 30s who admire her, and the prices range from $30 to $150.” got us even more amped. Before we go any further, we want to point out that the line isn’t due to release until November, in Kitson stores and shopkitson.com , but till then, take a look at these teasers (and bring a pair of magnifying lenses if you want to follow our lead)! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love that purple ring. It reminds me of the black one Rachel Zoe wears all the time i think her style is inspired by rachel zoe, she was her stylist from the beginning. I think Nicole’s influence for her latest style and designs is Sharon Tate. I’ve always loved nicoles style how she put things together.so I do know that when her line drops the first thing I’m gettin is that ring I’ve got to have it and its my favoite colors.Go Nicole!!!!!! isn’t it obvious to anyone else but me that she’s actually flipping the bird in the photo??? Jane- Lol! A little bit! you lot are mugs for bothering to write comments. lol I have a green bangle. AND EVERYONE compliments me on it..so I really don’t know what you ladies are hating on? Geez..give the girl a break. Lucia: umm who’s hating? lol her stuff sucks! are you kidding me?? if it were selling at forever21 on sale I might pic up a piece , but not paying those prices for this crap….celebs that decide to be “designers” ruin it for people who are actual trained designers trying to get out there…. hola me llamo natalia soy de san miguel de tucuman atgentina, me encanta la bijouterie denicole richie y me gustaria mucho poder tenerlas porfavor si pueden decirme comoobteneras gracias
Net-a-Porter Gives the Gift of Free Shipping October 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Click on the image below to recieve it!
Chic Guessing: Cruella Deville? August 28, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Can you guess the subject of this photoshoot? Give up? Kim Kardashian!!! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. She reminds me of the little boy from the movie Grudge. i knew it because of the eyes and the nose Kim K! Kim Kardashian OMG, I would never guess it was her. This just shows how much people’s appearance can be altered with hair, makeup, clothes and some re-touching.
Preen Exclusive to Net-a-Porter November 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We are huge fans of Preen, so when we heard that they were designing an exclusive line for Net-a-Porter, well that just made us crave their items even more. The designers, Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi said to “ Think strong, sexy, and modern ” when referring to the line. Check it out and tell us if you’re as impressed. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
First Look: House of Harlow Shoes October 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Review The first pictures of the House of Harlow shoe line are out and so far it looks so good. What I like about the line is that it has a very cohesive vision and strong direction. It’s obvious that Nicole Richie focused on a Hippie/Tribal Chic aesthetic for her line and she’s really sticking to it. The shoes are a natural extension of her jewelry line full of hippie headbands and leather pieces. We also have no doubt that the clothing line will have a similar feel. Here’s to one celebrity whose designs are not a publicity stunt but a labor of love! Bravo Nicole! Can’t wait to see more! *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com and nicolerichie.celebuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Muk Giveaway on Dia Diwan January 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert They been featured in Elle, InStyle, Allure and Vogue magazine, and worn by the likes of Kate Moss, Paris Hilton and Beyonce. If you’re a fan of Uggs, then we guarantee you’ll like these fur- ocious boots. Just one warning, don’t wear when the sun starts shining. Try em if your going for a chic ski trip or f rrrrr eezing getaway. If you want to try your luck at winning a pair , then click here . *Images courtesy of muklukstore.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
London Street Chic August 20, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of stylescout.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. so simple yet unique! Is that a YSL bag?
Audrey Tautou Coco Chanel Chic September 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Though we’re greatly anticipating the release ( Sept.25, Sept.25, Sept.25 ) of the new Coco Chanel movie (preview post here ) we were in greater anticipation for her red carpet outfits. Do we even have to question what brand Audrey is wearing? We loved her outfit, which was quite similar to Rachel Bilson’s Project Runway look , and decided to create a similar look. Bonus? Every piece we chose is under $200!!! Happy Shopping! Myne Jade Top Walter Stretch Liquid Pleat Skirt Dolce Vita Women’s Madison Platform Pump *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
MOCA Loca November 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic It’s no secret that I’m a huge fan of modern art, well any art as a matter of fact. When I heard that the Museum of Contemporary Art was having a 30th anniversary celebration, I decided to virtually visit ( since I couldn’t partake physically ). The combination of fashion and art was divine, not to mention the spirit of style for the night. The top trend? Dazzle and Razzle! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Balmain Crystal Embellished Jacket April 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find It’s here ! *Images courtesy of style.com and jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. its too Michael Jacksonish to me ;p
Coincidence? I think not. October 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find I was doing my usual Shopbop online browsing today (ok, so I might be borderline addicted to that site), when I spotted this Twelfth St. by Cynthia Vincent bag. The minute I saw it, I felt a bit confused. Why? Because I knew I had seen this bag before. In fact, it took me less than one second to remember the original source of my online find. Check out this Alexander Wang shopper. Coincidence? I think not. I think I know where Cynthia is looking for inspiration! hhaahha http://thesingular.blogspot.com
Chic Trend: Jeweled Collars December 26, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Shopbop’s Summer Sale is Here!!! May 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here to visit shopbop.com
New Years Style Resolutions January 3, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic *Images courtesy of style.com and bluefly.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. about 3 .. u’ll go with quantity or quality I need to do the exact same thing BJS *keep it stylish* Definitely quality i am going for quality this year. I am buying my first luxury purse(coatch/louis vuitton) I’m working on my closet…it’s a mess 😐
Runway to Realway: Phillip Lim November 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. all about trench coats!!… so GG… xxx
Fringe Benefits June 3, 2012 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Blake Lively Leopard Chic November 8, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We recently have become obsessed with Blake Lively and printed pants so you can only guess how we felt seeing Blake Lively in printed pants!!! Prettyfreakin’excited we must admit. Her look is absolutely effortless and she really brought it home by keeping the rest of her outfit monochromatic allowing her pants to take center stage. Seeing her rocking her leopard print pants only made us more adamant on snagging a pair of our own… 1. By Malene Birger Linexa Leopard Harem Pants 2. Ash Isa High Heel Booties 3. Fiona Paxton Fifi Cuff 4. VPL Fall Out Sweater *Image courtesy of zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love the bracelet!!!!!! xx.M
Ask Chic: Accessorize Prom Dress April 27, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Marifel writes: “Hey, I completely LOVE your website. I have Prom coming up and I would like some pointers on how to give my dress a modern chic look instead of a boring traditional look. I got a strapless above the knee BEBE dress in black. Hope u can help!” Well the typical option would be to pair your dress with some pumps, a corsage, and walk out the door. But as a Chic Intuition reader, we know you can’t just look like the rest of the girls, and would love to up the chic factor! We have a couple of options for accessorizing your outfit, that we guarantee will garner some stares. Try an unexpected embellished cropped vest, like the leather Matthew Williamson for H&M one we featured above, or add a pop of color with a bright belt. You can also try to stand out with a bold hair accessory, like the headbands that Forever21 have. Finally, how about donning a sequined blazer for a Parisian chic look? Whichever way you go, please do update us with your choice and how it went. But most of all, remember that confidence is the best accessory out there, and just let loose and have a ball! *Images courtesy of forever21.com, net-a-porter.com, bebe.com, handm.com, and nordstrom.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love a bold statement piece over basics! GREAT CALL xo!! I am soooooooooo in love with the leather Matthew Williamson vest for H&M! I can’t wait to grab one before it’s too late!
Net-a-Porter USA Free Shipping July 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Alexa Chung Chic March 9, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic With her ever evolving style, this fashion icon has managed to pave the chameleon way for us all. Now, instead of adapting to one style genre and making it ‘ you ‘, we actually have the privilege of playing around with whatever direction we feel like going for the day, and we think we have Alexa Chung to thank for that. Just take a look at her outfit choices through her short-lived MTV show ‘ It’s on with Alexa Chung ‘ and tell us what you think. Isn’t she rocking it in every look? Gotta love you some Chung… *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love her style! Aaaaah! I can’t WAIT for my Alexa Mulberry bag to arrive!
Texture Chic April 18, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks Take a risk and play with different textures this upcoming Summer. All of the items above are new to one of our fave online destinations, SSENSE.COM *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No No No! February 28, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. That Harry Potter one… She’s silencing. i hate her style. She’s just…something else. You can’t use fabric to hide who you are. At least Gaga accepts who she is and isn’t afraid to broadcast it to everyone her. Give the girl some credit.
The Gift of Giving July 21, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic So I just got back from a dinner with my girls, and we had a blast as usual. One of them just got back from a trip to NY, and lo and behold she had a gift for me! Yaay! I l.o.v.e gifts, but what I love more is when I actually am head over heels about it. Yes, the Chic Freak is not easily impressed, so kudos to her! Check out the necklace, it’s bling-tastic! I mean, it dresses up a simple tee, or can be worn with a great dress. Love the versatility, it’s made of rhinestones, chains, ropes, beads, and chunky hotness by Henri Bendel . Thanks Nono! Much love :* Oh, and check out my sick photography skills, using my French Vogue as a prop… I know, I know, I’m so talented, huh?! *Image courtesy of Chic Freak. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. thanks for the shoutout! that necklace was made for you! and you make it look gooooooooooood! LOVE THIS POST!!!!!!! i agree with nOnO, you make it look GOOOOOD
Chic Reads of the Week September 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads How to Spend a Day of Beauty (Chic Stories) PAGE SIX MAGAZINE: On the Cover Rachel Bilson (Couture in the City) Cheap Vs. Steep- Printed Strapless Dress (My Lookbook) Angie and Kira: Whose Pretty Pouty? (Style Critics) Ruby Slippers on Fifth Avenue– We’re Not in Kansas Anymore (Style Spy)
MK Bracelet Chic July 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Love how Mary Kate Olsen looks here? Ya, we guessed so. In fact, we knew you guys would ask, so we went ahead and got the look for less, from one of our fave online jewelry stores, Max & Chloe . Happy Shopping! Kris Nations Silver Geo Leaf Cuff Style Naturale Hammered Silver Bangle Carolee Austrian Crystal Hinged Bangle Bracelet Lois Hill Granulated Ball Bangle Jessica Elliot Silver Wrought Iron Cuff Lois Hill Chain Link Carved Cuff *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Topshop Love August 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: Premium Diamante Jacket Fringe Back Tunic ASTON Slouch Chain Ankle Boot Embellished Shoulder Dress Lace Tiered Bolero ANIQUE Stud Toe Ankle Sequin Biker Jacket I sure wish there was a Topshop in Canada. When in heavens name are they going to come here!!!!!? P.S Hey CI, do you guys informaing us when the Christian Siriano for Payless line drops. I know it’s in Fall, but I just want to be there when it drops!? THANKS A BUNCH! Hi Lala I think it’s already available online. Just want you to be prepared that the collection being sold is very different than the pieces previewed by all the blogs. Me too I want a TOPSHOP here in Rome please!!!
Alexander Wang: Gilt Debut! November 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Oh. My. Gosh . After sponsoring his New York Fashion Week show in September, Gilt Groupe is now thrilled to offer their first-ever sale of Wang’s wonderful womenswear. From boxy, urban-print rompers to asymmetrical tank dresses and geometric vest tops, Wang’s young, fresh streetwear brings fashion-savvy to the street. Get ready: Monday, November 2, at noon ET . Remember Gilt is invite only so click here to get yours and then shop away!!! *Images courtesy of gilt.com . i know i know!! im a member.im sop amped.always sales when im broke.hopefully they will put more alex wang on the site. ahh!! hopefully they will and don’t worry we’ll keep reminding you guys
Singer22 Memorial Day Sale! May 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com .
Makeup Chic: Pastel Smokey Eyes April 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips The Spring 2010 makeup trend spotted allover the Michael Kors runway was definitely the pastel smokey eye. Personally I’ve been doing the pastel smokey eye for years and especially love it for those hot summer nights and paired with a tan. Easy to achieve is also a plus. Just choose any pastel shadow and apply generously around your upper and lower lashes and make sure to line your eyes with a black pencil and top it off with some black mascara. There you have it, a surefire way to update your look for spring! *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
White Mani March 29, 2012 | Tags: Chic Tips , Makeup Chic Being that spring is all about girly pastels and feminine florals, I have decided that white manis are the way to go. Having had my first one last week, I must say I’m hooked! In order to keep it from looking like I dipped my nails in whiteout, I went with this Chanel Le Vernis Nail Colour in pearl drop because it has the perfect mix of metallic and white! Tell us, will you try a white mani this spring?
Ask Chic: Vanessa Hudgens’ Style May 29, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Nikoline writes: “Hi! I adore Vanessa Hudgen’s style and when I saw these outfits I thought they were so nice, but I don’t know what brand the clothes is or where the sandals are from! Please help me find it, or possibly something similar to it! I especially love the sandals!!” Well Nikoline, just by looking at the image you sent, it’s difficult to identify Vanessa’s top. However, we have previously been able to identify her purse and the sandals were a breeze. These babies are the Twelfth Street Luella Wedge in Black and judging by how many times I spot them around town daily, they are definitely the IT-shoe of the summer. If you want to recreate the look, just add an oversized black and white plaid shirt to these babies and you’re all set. Hope this helps!
The Lioness October 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find The first thing that caught our eye in this picture was her necklace. Maybe because her hand is resting on her chest so closely to it or maybe because it’s the one accessory that seems so rough against her soft demeanor. Either way, we love it. So we decided to search for something similar and found this ASOS Lion Door Knocker necklace and this Archive Lion’s Head . If you’re not a fan of gold, then you can try this Lion’s Head Charm Necklace . Happy Shopping! *Image courtesy of muotimielessa.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I adore her necklace and the jacket fabric….adore!!
Givenchy Resort 2011 June 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review G stands for Genius, Glorious, and Givenchy. Props to Riccardo Tisci. His latest collection was inspired by Frida Kahlo and her animal paintings. The red, black, and white palette are so fresh and elegant. Love the collection, and would love it even more if I were gifted a piece * wink wink *. *Images courtesy of style.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The starkness of the white, black and red contrasted together is amazing! Especially love the white dress in the top right corner – the texture of the top and intricate detailing of the shoes are gorgeous. shipgirl.wordpress.com
Bulletproof January 1, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find “Been there, done that messed around I’m having fun, don’t put me down I’ll never let you sweep me off my feet This time baby I’ll be bulletproof” Check them out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. ive had my eye on these! love em!
Street Chic: Milan January 25, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution LLC.
You Know You Want To… February 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Copy her jewelry. Melinda Maria Hammered Ring $370 Melinda Maria Pavé Marquis Ring $325 Sloane Gold Serpent Ring $112 Blu Bijoux Jet Stone Ring $47 *Images courtesy of olsen-files.com and maxandchloe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Studzzzz September 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Rock and Republic Niki Studded Pump Proenza Schouler Women’s OI9002 Studded Sandal Pour La Victoire Women’s Lorin Ankle Boot Steven By Steve Madden Women’s Stardom Studded Pointed Toe Flat Giuseppe Zanotti Women’s I96016 Open Toe Platform Pump
Oxford With a Twist July 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Wow, I like Louboutin like the next girl, but their latest concoction had me staring for a while. It’s a pump, it’s dual toned, it’s an oxford. It’s to die for. Get them here . *Images courtesy of barneys.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh my god, this is genius!
Louboutin Designs for Barbie! December 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Louboutin’s latest muse is an international household name! I’m sure all of you have had this lady over at your house at least once… Yes ladies and gentlemen (obviously from the title) I’m talking about Barbie! Lucky girl is getting a Louboutin signature creation designed just for her. Sounds like red-soled heaven. First Ken, then a dream car, then a horse, then a house and now red soles ? Like we needed another reason to envy Barbie! damn that barbie !! she has everything :\ good looks, amazing closet, good body .. and ken =((((( and now she has louboutin TOO!?!?!? :\:\ never been jelous of a plastic peice before :I
Denim leggings are where its at. October 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Taking skinny jeans to a whole new level, celebs are opting to wear denim leggings . Catchy? We thought so. Compared to skinnies these babies glide on with ease, plus they look pretty cute. Can’t take our word for it? Then take a look at Gwen Stefani rocking hers and make a verdict yourselves. Yup, we thought you’d like em. Get yours here . *Images courtesy of denimology.com and singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ugly Betty Style Contd… November 5, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Just a few of the latest fashion crimes committed by our very own Betty Suarez… Oh the horror! I still can’t believe they can make such beautiful clothing look so bad ! How can they take her seriously at a place like MODE? *Images courtesy of spoilertv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I think the stylist is trying too hard to uglify her! I mean, I can tell in one glance she’s not wearing Target!
Are you ready for this? July 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember the Alexander Wang duffle bag that literally sold out in days online!? Ya, the one MK was seen holding a while back. Well, Shopbop now has an exclusive Alexander Wang Coco Duffel which went live today! It’s up for grabs ladies!! Hurry, since stock is limited and we know this baby is where it’s at! Aaah! Love you Alex, marry me! Super-soft leather with the look of denim, this distressed, denim-style leather handbag features 2 hidden zip pockets and a box pleat at the side. Metal studs at bottom. Silver hardware. Double rolled handles and zip main compartment closure. Lined interior features zip pocket. *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. that bag iss sooo divine…i can only hope that it fals into my lap one day
Stars Heart Scarves March 4, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of jusjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I went through a huge scarf craze last summer and now have an obscene amount that I hardly wear anymore. I need to make use out of them again…
Extra! Extra! Louboutin on Gilt! April 6, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Let us start off by saying we L.O.V.E Gilt Groupe! The idea that you can get your favourite designers on major discount on a daily basis while being a member of an invite-only club gives us a major thrill! Well if we weren’t in love enough, things have gotten a looooot better. The latest brand to be unveiled on Gilt is (drumroll please…..) Louboutin! Woohoo! We are definitely keeping our eyes open this Wednesday at Noon EDT for some red sole lovin’ and buyin’! If you aren’t a member yet, click here . AHhH!! Stop sharing all the good stuff with everyone! Tell them AFTER we’ve all perused the goods! Lol! Cathy you crack us up!
Street Chic: Denim Vest June 30, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic While we love to give you a breakdown of our fave celeb looks, sometimes it’s refreshing to duplicate a look off the street. When I saw this picture, something about this outfit screamed effortless chic! Since I hate to waste time on picking out outfits especially during the summer (no idea why but I love the idea of a hassle-free vacation), I had to find myself some similar pieces. Check it! Current/Elliot The Circle Vest BB Dakota Black Lovely Dress Modestyy Black Leather Bruffle Black Paris *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love this outfit! xx http://www.sexyinthecity.es
If you like it… June 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We’re currently rocking the two finger ring trend, even though it took a while for us to get used to (feels kinda weird). We wonder how Mr. T managed to don all that jewelry and fight bad guys!? Anyways, back to our topic of the day: multiple finger rings. 80spurple.com have a ton of options to choose from, with a wide range of price points. Whether you like your rings simple or intricate, it’s the season to pile them on and work them to the max. Bijules – 3 Finger Serpent Ring (Black Silver) Purple Label – Curved Oval Crystal 2-Finger Ring (Gunmetal) CC Skye – Solid Line Ring (Gunmetal) CC Skye – Astoria Ring (Gold) by boe – womens doubled ring (gold plated) *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love your picks! Check our our post on animal-inspired accessories! http://www.ladylux.com/style/site/article/lux-love-animal-inspired-accessories/
Chic Gift Guide for… December 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Gift Guide 1. Fallon Jewelry Cleo Earrings $88 2. House of Harlow 1960 Sunburst Cocktail Ring $45 3. Bop Basics Faux Fur Stole $75 4. Joe’s Jeans Zip Ankle Denim Leggings $89 5. Timex80 Digital Gold-Tone Watch $60 6. Elegantly Waisted Joely Belt $64 7. Jennifer Ouellette Norma Sequined Knot Headband $65 8. Chooka Moto Studded Rain Boots $80 9. Free People Lace Wings Top $88 10. BB Dakota Anita Jacket $85
Celebs Heart Leopard Print Scarves August 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rachel Bilson Loves Temperly London Bag February 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Remember some time ago when we suggested that Rachel Bilson reads our blog ? Well we now have further proof. It seems that ‘someone’ read our post about zipper details and then ‘someone’ went and purchased the Temperly London Crackle Mata Hari Bag. Hmmm… interesting how she’s worn nothing but this bag in the past few weeks. Think she’s trying to tell us something? Rachel, we get the message. You love Chic Intuition right? Well we love you too *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. get over yourself! lol juss pathetic
Babooshka Grand Opening November 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember back when we interviewed Francesca from Babooshka ? Back then, her products were only available on Etsy… Well we’re proud to announce that starting now you can finally buy Francesca’s pieces from her very own newly launched website !!! If I had to describe it, I would say Babooshka is a funky brand with edgy pieces at a very affordable price point (all the pieces are under $80 mind you). To make the deal even sweeter, Francesca emailed us with a 10% off and free shipping code: GRANDOPENING . Congrats Francesca and happy shopping everyone! Loooove this line! The turbans are absolutely To Die For! Ordering now…
Golden Globes 2013 Best Dressed January 14, 2013 | Tags: Celeb Chic The winning looks of the night consisted of high fashion silhouettes, cutouts, and leather and gold details. *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Inspired by Taylor Swift’s In Style Cover November 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Clockwise from top left: *Image courtesy of instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Her Instyle cover looks good. I’mma allow her issue to sell, but Beyonce had the best Instyle cover of all time. Of all time! Haha. I had to do it! she’s is addicted to gold sequins! love those shoes! Lala/S-R that was hilarious! I thought you were serious! But seriously, is she incapable of wearing anything that isn’t gold or sequined? @ Amanda It was the perfect opportunity, I couldn’t help myself! I couldn’t agree more, by the way. She’s the epitome of GOLD overkill.
Kate Moss for Topshop April 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic So we know that we recently said we weren’t too sure about Topshop’s price vs quality factor but it’s hard not to lust after Kate Moss’ new collection. Although her last collection was leaning on the matronly side, the summer pieces are absolutely on the mark! I am especially in love with the fringe sleeved blazer. One word- Droooooooooooooooooool! If you’re just as enamored, shop here . love her style. looks like someone photoshopped the hell outta her though!
Hottest.Cardi.Ever. September 18, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find ﻿ Check out some other new items at Shopbop and get it here . this is seriously cute!!! http://unefilleunreve.blogspot.com
Street Chic: Accessories Breakdown September 26, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. so cute! I’m DYING for the alexander wang bag. DYING!
Ask Chic: Hilary Duff’s Shoes May 19, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Angela writes: “ Hi! Let me say I just love your website! I read it on a daily basis and am sure you can help me with this. Ever since I saw this picture of Hilary Duff on her way into a basketball game I haven’t been able to get her shoes out of my mind. Do you have any idea who they’re by and where I can get my hands on a pair? ” Thanks so much Angela for the sweet comments! Actually, we can help you with this dilemma and recognized the shoes right away. The are the LANVIN Sunbeam Pumps and they are absolutely stunning. To be honest, we would wait for the snakeskin ones to go on sale since they are a little pricey at $1900 but you can always go for the regular ones that Duff is wearing at $1000 a pop. Either choice, we wholeheartedly support you! Happy Shopping *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG! I’m in love with these shoes! wow! http://www.abitoffashion.com drooling…
Lookin’ Good LL November 11, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic The minute we spotted Lindsay on her latest cover for Harper’s Bazaar, we knew the girl was finally on track in her life. Aside from her weak acting rep, the girl is doing something right. Maybe like finally simmering down from the nightlife schedule she used to worship, and actually have time to eat a bite? Take a look at her Elle cover from a few years back, the dead eyes and extremely slim figure seem like representations of her dark past, but judging from her healthy image on HB, we see a bright future for this starlet. Go nutritional meals!! “I was going to clubs all the time, and it was not okay. I was so alone. It made me not focus on what I was doing . . . I was living here [at the Chateau Marmont] for almost two years. Who blows that much money on a hotel? I could have bought a house! I did it to myself, and I have to deal with the consequences. I’m thankful for what I can take out of it. Now I feel clear. That’s my past, and I’m a different person now. I have goals and I’m working to achieve them. I’m not hanging out with people who are out every night getting f-ed up. And — I think that I’m happy.” *Images courtesy of elle.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that 05 cover of hers was one of my all-time faves! i am glad for her if she is, in actuality, healthy now, but in my opinion it just looks like a fake tan!
First Look: Rachel Zoe for QVC September 3, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic In the last episode of the Rachel Zoe Project, aside from fashion week, we were truly excited about Rachel’s meeting with the faux fur people. So much so that we actually started planning which pieces we’d purchase as soon as the episode was over! Lucky for us, since the episode is filmed months in advance, we don’t have to wait much longer to make that dream a reality. On September 12 from 8-11pm, the Rachel Zoe for QVC line will officially be launched. In addition to the gorgeous faux fur vests, the line also boasts jewelry, handbags, and scarves. I DIE! *Images courtesy of secondcitystyle.typepad.com and instyle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It is cool how she started out small and just has been growing and growing since. Can’t wait to see all her pieces. I need the cocktail ring!
Street Chic: Wilco Concert NYC August 26, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love all these styles, these girls looks great. Nothing too extreme. isnt the middle one that chick from lipstick jungle?! Yes it is
I’m Lovin’ It! May 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . I love both.
Nicole Richie’s House of Harlow for Bebe November 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert We knew it would be a few months and Richie’s coveted jewelry label would make it big into the mainstream. So it was no surprise when we heard that she would be exclusively partnering up with Bebe for a couple of hot pieces of metal. I mean, this girl is on the go! First we hear about her shoe line , then that her clothing line will be coming out soon, and now this? Take a look at her House of Harlow esque pieces for less that she created exclusively for the store. Remember her Black Resin Necklace that goes for $125? Now you can get the duplicate created by Richie herself for $65!!! That’s a bargain if you ask us. Better head over there before stocks start selling out… *Images courtesy of missylovely.com , and bebe.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Delia*s July Deals July 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We love it when we find out about great deals. But what we love more, is conveying the news to our readers and spreading the word. So ready for the latest? Delia*s , the people who brought you this awesome Alexander Wang-ish sweater , have 3 offers you can’t miss: I know, unbelievable right? So we say go ahead and check out what they have to offer. Personally, I’m a fan of their colored skinny jeans. And don’t even get us started on their graphic t-shirts… *Images courtesy of delias.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Whitney Port Chic February 5, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks We were just gazing at this sweater a few days ago, and wondering if we should go ahead with the purchase even though things are seeming to heat up on our side of the globe. Leave it to Whitney Port to rock out her Rebecca Taylor Tassel Crew Neck Sweater in style, and push us forth with our purchase. Mind you, hers is in a lighter color, but the tassle effect of the sweater is just too cute to let go. *Images courtesy of whowhatwear.com and shopbop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. What i do really need is her shorts! Where are they from?
Ooooh SnaP! June 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert CALLING ALL INTERNATIONAL SHOPPERS! You guys better take advantage of this!!! Just click on the image below. EDIT: If you can’t see the image below, just click here . OMFGGGGGGGGGGG, OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG! OMFGGGGGGGGGGGG! I’m a very happy Canadian today!!! Thanks for sharing, guys!!! xoxo. can’t see the image There’s no image!
A Lesson in Street Chic Part 5 July 17, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic Look October 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic Not only is this lady one of the chicest out there (I mean, come on….who thought metallic snakeskin pants could look that tame?!), but her top is so awesome, that she inspired us to find its match. We love the scarf top look, since the combinations of drapery are unlimited. We knew this Pleasure Principle tank could do the trick. Just add a chic blazer, skinnies, and a smile for some major street damage! *Images courtesy of thesartorialist.com and oaknyc.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Christian Siriano Spring 2009 September 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Thoughts??? Personally I think it’s more mature and refined than his previous collection. *Images courtesy of projectrunway-newsday.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Definitely an improvement. Love him! I posted a few pictures but my site went through a major overhaul and I lost them I loved a couple of the dresses you didn’t post.
Ask Chic: LC’s Dress July 15, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Lizzy writes: “Let me start by saying your website rocks! I was also wondering if you knew who designed the dress Lauren Conrad wore to the premiere of The Dark Knight? I love it so much and really have to know!” LC LC LC! Its been ALL about Lauren Conrad lately and we would be sick of it except she actually does look really good at The Dark Knight’s premiere… Her dress is absolutely gorgeous! Well Lizzy, we did a little bit of searching and found out that her dress is a D&G Dolce and Gabbana Mesh Front Bustier Dress and comes with a very affordable (for D&G of course) price tag of $645. Happy Shopping *Images courtesy of justjared.com and saks.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Ummm is anyone else wondering what the hell LC is doing at an actual movie premiere? Dee..she has no life..thats why shes always everywhere,everytime, everyday….sheesh 😛 The dress is a WoW! Definitely ‘flashin fashion’! The photo deserves some kudos as well!
Chic Reading September 8, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic On my latest bedroom design venture, I purchased the hottest Moroccan inspired coffee table. Every coffee table needs a couple of chic books, no? So I decided to purchase a few fashion/decor savvy reads. I’ll be sure to review them once they arrive. Do any of you own any of the ones below? Which is your fave? *Images courtesy of amazon.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I just got the Who What Wear book and it’s awesome. I still need the Influence book. I have all of them except Influences. The Domino book is amazing!! I loved the Little Black Book of Style. Good read..lots of info. I haven’t gone through the Sartorialist book yet, but the flipthrough looked very promising. Great blog! Xoxo M I have influence and it is such a great book, I highly recommend it. The next book on my list is the Sartorialist book, that or the WhoWhatWear book! LOVE the Domino book – I have that on my bed side table for quick access.. great post! And we def want to see pics of your room when its all done I personally LOVED The 100 by Nina Garcia! I have the Domino (R.I.P) Decorating Book and the Sartorialist book as well. I love The Sartorialist because I just adore him and all his fabulous pictures and it’s a easy to flip through and find fabulous picture. The domino book was fun but I was hoping for a bit more. And I have looked through the Nina Garcia book and it is fabulous.
Victoria Beckham Handbag Chic December 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review They only made their appearance in the cyberworld for a few hours before completely selling out, quite well for a first time handbag designer! Beckham’s collection, in collaboration with accessories designer Katie Hillier, features six pieces ranging from $1,800 to $13,950, and doesn’t hit stores until later this month. But the online trial run she did with Net-a-Porter UK proved her point: anything posh sells! *Images courtesy of limelife.com , and nightlifeguestlist.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i heard she may be moving to NYC! hopefully all of them do! love the becks! For me Posh Spice is the most stylish among them all. I love her style … Very glamorous! I am feeling the bags, the prices..not so much. But they do look good. I EFFIN LOVE VB<3
Pink Mascara – 10% OFF Site wide!! April 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks It’s a bit rare to hear the words sale and Spring in the same sentence these days, since we’re just entering the Spring season. But leave it to Pink Mascara to give us such an unexpected surprise, by providing a code to its shoppers for 10% off everything and anything! Just enter SPRING10 at checkout. Offer ends May 31 and excludes sale items. Bonus: Free shipping with orders over $150 with code SHIPPM . Happy shopping! P.S. If you feel the need to shop from now till Sunday (midnight) then you can get 20% OFF new arrivals and sale items. Just enter code BREAK20 at checkout!! *Images courtesy of pinkmascara.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
BCBG Spring 2010 September 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Florals, graphic prints, edgy silhouettes, and silver chain detailing on silk! What more do you expect from BCBG? As usual the pieces look effortlessly chic and very wearable and as a special treat, you can buy two of the pieces straight off the runway here . Sad we couldn’t make it to NY for the actual presentation but even from afar it looks GREAT! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Golden Globes Notties January 16, 2012 | Tags: Not Chic Angelina Jolie- Red.Hot.Mess! Tilda Swinton- Is that David Bowie? Lea Michele- Black Swan. Michelle Williams- Matronly disappointment. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Angelina looked amazing!!!
Blazer Babe October 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Ok so what if I’m obsessed with blazers? I have my reasons. They take you from day to night for one. Another, you say? Well, they add structure to an otherwise baggy tee and jeans outfit. So easy to wear, and even easier to pull off in any scenario. Our latest bargain blazer is the Eryn Brinie Cropped Blazer . For only $129, this chic jacket not only looks like a thousand bucks, but is so versatile when left open or closed. Yes, you gotta love a good blazer. *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lindsay Lohan Leather Vest December 9, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Whoa, that was a mouthful of L’s. Now, let me explain that I wasn’t really fond of this Alexander Wang vest on the mannequin, until I saw LL donning it. Maybe it’s because every since retailer felt the necessity to zip it up for display purposes on their websites. Now Lindsay, on the other hand, wears it free-flowingly open, which we love. The cut and model really do show on her, and I found myself gearing to take the bite and just purchase it, that is until I noticed my size was sold out everywhere . Ugh, I hate the internet. Spot one celeb wearing something, and it’s off limits by the next morning. I guess I’ll just have to settle for this Topshop version. Damn, my size is sold out there as well… *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Interview: Kristin of prim. Magazine August 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview M ost 15 year olds are out partying or at the mall with their greatest achievement being an A on their latest math test. Not Kristin of prim. magazine. At 15, she is the founder and editor of her own fashion magazine with a recent viewership count of just under 130,000. In addition to seeing her cutting edge layouts and edgy designs in print, she has also had the honor to interview the likes of Rad Hourani. prim. is a publication which strives to showcase only the most cutting edge in fashion, music, and art and for her work, Kristin has been featured in French Glamour, Italian Elle, and Teen Vogue among others. On top of all that, she is absolutely beautiful and, in our humble opinion, mature well beyond her years. Check out our interview with Kristin below then head over to her amazing magazine here and prepare to be just as hooked on her as we are. Chic Intuition: Let’s start by saying we are absolutely dumbfounded. After seeing your magazine we were extremely impressed and the fact that you’re only 15 blew us away! What motivated you to start your own magazine at such a young age? And how did you get anyone to take you seriously? Kristin: I have always been driven by aesthetics; I am an absolute perfectionist when it comes to my image and how things look. For this reason, fashion and art began to consume my life. Instead of studying for math and science I found myself endlessly flipping through my abundant supply of fashion/art magazines. The idea to begin my own magazine came to me about a year and a half ago and I decided to run with it. It was a complete shot in the dark but it began to come together within a few months. At first no one took me seriously. I would tell people I ran a publication and their responses would be “that’s nice” or “aw, that’s cute.” I think as prim. began to really make its way around the web (and the print versions around the world) did people begin to realize I was absolutely taking it as seriously as anything. Chic Intuition: Do you spend most of your free time working? If so,ever long to drop the responsibility of running your own magazine to go out and party like other kids your age? Kristin: Well I think it is a misconception that I don’t have time to be with my friends. I don’t run the whole entire magazine myself; people write the articles, book the interviewees, find retailers, etc. I design the layouts and OK everything that is put on the pages. This does allow me to have a social life, which I do love. Sure sometimes I cannot go out because I am required to fulfill my responsibilities at prim., but it is actually pretty rare that I have to decline an invitation to do so. Chic Intuition: You attended your first fashion week this year. What was it like?Details please! Kristin: Attending NY Fashion Week was absolutely amazing! I got to sit front row at a number of shows and attend those which I never dreamt of ever seeing in person like Ports 1961 and Charlotte Ronson. At different points in the week I found myself sitting across from or next to the likes of Anna Wintour and Lindsay Lohan. I am pretty sure I attended around twenty shows throughout the week, but was unable to be there one full day because of a family obligation. It killed but I had to do it. Chic Intuition: Now to the fashion, we absolutely loved your latest issue! What was it like to score an interview with Rad Hourani? Kristin: Rad is an absolute genius; I was floored when he agreed to do an interview with prim. As a matter of fact I guess he liked the issue too because he invited us all to attend his fashion presentation for his diffusion line, Rad by Rad Hourani. It took place on the 28th here in NYC and it was amazing. You can check my blog for a first look at the collection. He truly is a master of his craft. Chic Intuition: Describe your personal style for our readers. Do you feel that you are now under pressure to always look good ever since you became an editor of a fashion magazine? Kristin: I definitely am a fusion of different styles, a little grunge and a little boho. I love studs, leather, lace, black, white, grays, etc. As a source recently described, a “perfect fusion of Alice Dellal and Mary-Kate Olsen” which I like very, very much. Being a magazine editor definitely did put a little pressure on the way I dressed, but not much really. I have always had to leave the house looking absolutely perfect so I don’t feel the pressure as much. Chic Intuition: What are this season’s top trends? Kristin: I definitely see a ton of harem pants, blazers, fringing, feathers, and pleats. I never follow trends; I don’t walk into stores looking to buy what’s “hot” so I often find myself being lost in a world of trendiness. I am surely not an expert when it comes to trends. Chic Intuition: What’s one trend that you think should be completely wiped off the face of the fashion world? Kristin: I hate neon. I saw a lot of it scattered here and there throughout various collections and I think the whole world would just do better without it simply because most people do not know how to wear it. I never wear neon; I don’t enjoy bright colors much at all. Chic Intuition: With running a fashion magazine already under your belt, where do you see yourself 10 years from now? Kristin: Hopefully still at prim., only it being ten times the size it is now. Chic Intuition: Finally, philosophical question time. How prim. is too prim.? Kristin: prim. is definitely a fashion magazine with edge. prim. being too prim. would be trying too hard to look edgy either by overdoing studs, leather, repeating shapes, or patterns. No one likes a poser. omg diz bitch iz sexi Oh wow, ambitious for a 15 year old. I think at 15 everyone aspires to be the youngest to have such an achievment, but Kristin seems to be the only one to actually do it WOW! I’m impressed! Will definately check out her mag!
Miss Trish of Capri for Target February 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The pictures are in and boy am I excited!!! I’ve always loved the style of Miss Trish of Capri and yet the price tag always held me back. Well worry no more! These babies that she’s created for Target are all for $29.99 and I’m strongly considering buying them all. Is that bad??? Hmmm… probably defeats the idea of recession chic no? Anyways, I have until April 5th to decide so until then, which of these do you plan to buy? *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that is a gross collection they look like something out of chinatown, EW Yeah I second that…..they all look really cheap! Hey guys, they look better in the store and on your feet. I snagged the turtle and the starfish and I’m excited. The price is just what a recessionista needs to get her spurge on without feeling guilty. Anyone know where to find these shoes now?! I have Miss Trish gold lion sandals and want to buy more styles!
Aaack! August 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Real Life Chic Don’t you just hate when things don’t go your way? Yesterday I was checking out Shopbop ‘s Top 22 Trends for Fall, and fell in love with this ring. I couldn’t take my eyes off its beauty. Check it out in all it’s glory: So when I went ahead to purchase it, I got the nastiest message ever possible. Ok, so I’m kind of exaggerating, but I’m sure you know how I felt when this page showed up: Goes to show you that some things, are just not meant to be. I love you unavailable ring… *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. here ya go, it’s available here http://www.dannijo.com/shop/product_info.php?products_id=122&osCsid=d98c7b113d7dd91a1096ae7557b4198d that ring is soooo incredible! Horrible news! As I looking at the picture I had already decided in my mind, I was going to buy it. Wallet opening and all…
Celeb Chic: Richard Ruiz September 5, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic When a piece is is seen on two different celebs within a day or two max, you know that it’ll be a hit! Well consider yourselves lucky to be let in on this little secret before it becomes a full-fledged phenomenon. We’re talking about Richard Ruiz and his gorgeous Egyptian-inspired ‘Hours Collar’ pieces. Being of Egyptian decent, myself, I am absolutely in love with them! My personal fave is the Hours Collar Winged Top in Black but the celebs sure seem to be digging the Hours Collar Seduction Sheath Dress… Whichever you choose, we are confident that you will look hot and get a lot of questions about your outfit. Get your Richard Ruiz fix here . *Images courtesy of revolveclothing.com and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Merry Xmas! December 25, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized *Image courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ask Chic: Taylor Jacobson’s Layered Necklace September 22, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Celeb Chic Although it’s called The Rachel Zoe Project, in terms of style it seems like Taylor Jacobson is your chosen star. We recieve tons of emails on a daily basis asking us about her necklace, her top… pretty much anything she’s wearing! The research usually takes quite awhile but if we must say so ourselves we’ve been quite successful. The latest piece to create an email storm is the layered turquoise necklace that Taytay has been donning quite a bit in the past few episodes. We tweeted Taylor (God how we love twitter ) and were able to get a response: “Its vintage!” – Taylor Jacobson Unfortunately you guys wont be able to get the same one, but we’ve found a great alternative in this Spirit Dance Choker by Erickson Beamon . It has a similar color pallette as well as shape and is just as versatile as the original. Keep ’em coming Chicers because as you must have noticed we love a good fashion challenge! *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love both necklaces! Just wish the Erickson Beamon wasn’t like $600 bucks. and sp on choker btw. Oops! Thanks! Ya I know $600 is a lot but believe me it’s the only similar piece we found online. I would say you could also get a really long necklace and wrap it around to drape the same way. Every time I see that episode, it reminds me of the Natasha Embroidered Bib Necklace that we offer. You can see it here~
The Perfect Holiday Party Look November 2, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks 3.1 Phillip Lim Sequined silk wrap dress $975 Christian Louboutin Very Jaws 140 pumps $895 Kenneth Jay Lane Crystal studded hoop earrings $95 Bird Handbags The Mrs ostrich leather clutch $425 *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shop it! December 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Bootlovin’ September 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks One of my favourite winter staples is definitely my boots. Why? Honestly, because they last me a while. While my summer sandals tend to change from season to season, my winter boots look current year after year. Don’t believe me? I’ve been wearing the same flat motorcycle style ones for the last three yrs and I’m still planning to don them next winter. Even though, I’m planning to reuse that pair, I still think it’s time for a new style to freshen up my winter wardrobe. Check out the latest styles I’m loving from Karmaloop below: Get 20% OFF All Regular and Sale Items with code: APLUS, good until 9.30.09.
Lord of the Rings October 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
What They’re Wearing:  Gossip Girl Edition Contd… August 25, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. woah, what’s that wrapped around Leighton’s neck? It makes her neck look HUGE!! i love the fashion in gossip girl. some of the things they wear are a bit outrageous, but when worn separately, the pieces are amazing! please check out my blog at http://la-couturier.blogspot.com! What boots are Blake wearing? I want a pair!
Get the Look: Street Chic Maxi Dress Style November 23, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic I don’t know about you guys, but I think this girl looks absolutely amazing! I love how she took a girly dress and added a few hot accessories to make it look edgy. Unfortunately I wasn’t able to identify the designer of her actual dress, but I used my crafty Chic ways to figure out how to create a similar one! You like? Rachel Pally Long Fortuna Dress Juicy Couture Lace Drama Necklace Lover Drape Lapel Wool Blazer Alexander Wang Jess Small Tote Luxury Rebel Jolie Patent Booties *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It’s not actually a dress, it’s a skirt and vest top combo, and the vest top is from Topshop. Well that explains why I had trouble finding it!
Bargain Shopping December 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks The best and worst thing about the failing economy is the great designer deals! Best because you can score amazing designer pieces at low prices but worst because your wallet tends to feel the pain (mine is aching from overuse)… I seriously have to avoid the malls completely to prevent from falling into the trap of endless buying. Well unfortunately I ended up meeting a friend for a lunch date today at none other than the mall and decided to head into Bloomingdales and Neimans for a little peek. Well lo and behold the deals were amazing and the selection was fantastic and I just couldn’t resist. After going into the changing room with 10 items, I was finally able to narrow it down to three. Here are today’s scores. Are they worth it???
Chic Reads of the Week August 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Click away at some of our reads for this week! Sloppy Dressers Drive Me Crazy (Suze on Style) 10 Things Women Over 40 Shouldn’t Wear (Chic Stories) Emmanuelle Chriqui Does hi-lo (Lookbook) Victoria Sues (Style Critics) Designer of the Day: Gypsy 05 (Couture in the City)
Street Chic: Leopard Booties December 10, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Christine Centenera, a fashion editor at Harper’s Bazaar Australia, sure knows how to rock one of the most coveted booties of the season. Photographed by Nam of STREETFSN in Milan, this chicerista pairs a simple black dress and navy poncho with the traffic stopping leopard booties by Giuseppe Zanotti. Like what you see? Get them here . *Image courtesy of streetfsn.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i LOVE HER. the shoes are hot too:) xo Come by and check out my Scarf Giveaway! The most beautiful shoes out today. I think they are absolutely wonderful! Thanks for the link!!! those shoes….KILLER!
Chic Obsession: Kain Label May 20, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Obsessions , Chic Picks *Images courtesy of singer22 . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i love kain. i will def be buying some.
Love Love Love March 29, 2012 | Tags: Chic Find The color, the fabric, the shape, the style. 3.1 Phillip Lim Cody d’Orsay Heels. Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. INSANELY hot!! Wow, you have to love these shoes! They´re amazing
Sweatshirt Styling December 16, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic We love this girls take on an otherwise boring sweatshirt ensemble. She upped the chic factor by donning constructed pants in addition to adding her own quirky twist with a pair of leapard shoes. We’ve been saying this all season: leopard is so in, you gotta own at least one item in your wardrobe. Take a look at how we interpreted her outfit and Happy Shopping! Delia*s Raglan Tunic $39.50 ASOS Pyjama Peg Leg Trousers $59.50 BCBGeneration Women’s Wartol2 Peep Toe Bootie $130 *Images courtesy of elle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Sale Time! May 22, 2012 | Tags: Chic Alert This couldn’t have come at a better timing! Want to get your summer shopping out of the way and save some major cash? Just visit shopbop.com or click on the image below! Happy Shopping!
Carrie Underwood’s ELLE Cover November 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We were so inspired by one of our fave American Idol alums that we decided to create an inspiration board based on her cover look. The contrast between her heavily chained gold jewelry and light clothing fabrics is perfection. Take a look at our accessory picks. Clockwise from top left: *Images courtesy of elle.com and net-a-porter.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. they are all great accessories!!!
Roberto Cavalli Large Stone Ring January 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Yes, there is such a thing as perfection in design… Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. perfection he has been making some epic rings lately
Shopbop Gives the Gift of Sale August 24, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Just when we thought the Shopbop 70% off sale couldn’t get any better, they decided to give an extra 30% off for two days only with code 30OFF70 . I decided to sift through the sale and pick some ideal pieces that I feel will transition well into fall. Check out my faves and then head over here to choose your own. Whatever you decide to do, DON’T MISS OUT! Clockwise from top left: VPL Anatomic One Z Jumpsuit Derek Lam Long Sleeve Pleated One Piece Ruthie Davis Necco Mary Jane Pump Gryphon Beaded Loop Vest Foley + Corinna Studded Linen Jacket Iisli Charlotte Lace Tank
Golden Globes Gorgeous January 18, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic Anne- Tall glass of champagne. Mila- Green swan. Claire- Sherbet confectionary. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I wasn’t in love with the shoulder pads on Anne H. but the low back was extremely sexy. Emma Stone really knocked it out of the park for me!!! She looked chic and fresh in Calvin Klein. I’d call her a Peach Sunset!! I love how both fashionable and sexy Anne Hathaways Armani gown was. To me, she was one of the few that actually stood out on the red carpet!
No, No, No! February 19, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic This is, without a doubt, the ugliest jacket I have seen in a very long time… *Image courtesy of justjared.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Oh my fashion GOD!why Gwyneth whyyyy? Ummm, I think it’s cute. yeah me too B! .. i think it looks fine=\
Prabal Gurung for Target January 12, 2013 | Tags: Chic Alert No designer collaboration has ever given us heart palpitations… until NOW. The Prabal Gurung for Target lookbook has been released and dare we say it’s better than Missoni? At least in our book it is. The pieces are fresh, fun, and styled so effortlessly that you’d think they were part of his higher end collection. And to make things even better, the majority of the pieces are under $50 and the collection includes gorgeous footwear and accessories!!! Making a mental shopping list as we anxiously anticipate February 10th… *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Maison Martin Margiela Foldover Blazer June 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find DOUBLE BREASTED BLAZER IN IVORY. OVERSIZED FOLDED DRAPING AT SHOULDER. ASYMMETRICAL FRONT. PEAKED LAPEL COLLAR. SHAPED RAISED SHOULDERS. REAR SHOULDER CUTOUTS. BOUND FLAP POCKETS AT WAIST. ELBOW DARTS. TONE ON TONE STITCHING. FULLY LINED. SHELL: 97% WOOL, 3% ELASTANE. LINING: 100% COTTON. DRY CLEAN. MADE IN ITALY. Kinda explains why it’s priced at $1,900. Yep. Available at ssense.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Not Cute! oh my gosh, no it’s EXTREMELY cute!! i love how versatile this one jacket is…
Rihanna Chic May 30, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic If there ever was a jacket/vest combo that I adored, than this is it. The cropped vest Rihanna has been seen donning around town is pure genius. Flutter sleeves, check . Cropped to perfection, check . On sale, double check! Get your Brian Reyes Gaucho Jacket while stock is still available. It’s still pretty expensive, but we know that the solid color and awesome shape ensure staple status. Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. That jacket is so cute! Rihanna looks great. I absolutely love this jacket! So modern and feminine. That jacket really is beautiful and it looks great on Rihanna I love the whole outfit! That jacket is fantastic!!! I love thi outfit. The Brian Reyes jacket makes Rihanna look so feminine and chic. This is a great choice for her. such a cute Brian Reyes jacket. I want it!! a gorgeous jacket. Good eye, chic intuiters =P As always Rihanna has a rockin style this time enhanced by this gaucho jacket. I love the shoulders! AHHH i love Brian Reyes! This jacket is adorable! Rihanna works it! 😉 LOVE rhianna. LOVE that jacket.
Arm Bling is the New Thing! July 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love the new Givenchy collection, is amazing!!!!! xx http://www.sexyinthecity.es
Topshop Top Picks September 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks With the recent unveiling of the Topshop USA online store, we felt it only necessary to indulge in a little online ‘window browser’ shopping. Though the selections might seem a bit scarce in comparison to the UK site, we can only work with what’s there ( a lot of hot ), and hope for more in the future. So for those of you fashionistas who were bummed that the NY Topshop store opening was pushed back a month, check out our top picks: Tux Delux: Pique Blazer $110 High Waist Patent Belt Trouser $80 Leather Long Fringe Clutch $65 Unique Tweed Cape Coat $510 DEE2 Leather Fringe High Boot $170 *Images courtesy of topshop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Aqua’s Summer Sensation March 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Aqua is a stylish, affordable brand sold exclusively at Bloomingdale’s . Their clothing is always up to date style-wise, and the quality well exceeds their price points. Take a look at their latest collection, we sense some major wallet damage coming up, but the best part about it is that everything is under $100 : Aqua Printed Faux-Wrap Dress $88 Aqua Printed Silk Combo Dress $88 Aqua Inkblot-Print Silk Blouse $88 Aqua Ruffled Jumpsuit $98 Aqua Ruffled Tweed Cropped Jacket $98 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Cool pieces! I looked at the entire collection on the Bloomingdales website. I think this brand is made by Collective Concepts. If you search Collective Concepts, you’ll find many of these pieces for a lot less! Just sayin…
Street Chic No: Risks Gone Wrong! September 2, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic It’s always encouraged to take fashion risks but the key is to know how to do so appropriately! Check out some examples below of ‘Risks Gone Wrong.’ *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I think they look great, idk why you’re such a hater. Idc dude in the middle is on some special stuff. I love him!!He is SO extra!! umm, i think the girl on the right looks great First Pic- The red top, the chains, the tie-dye jeans, the gold sandals, and the huge beige bag are overpowering. She would have looked way better had she’d worn a white top instead of the red one or kept the red top and wore neutral sandals. Sometimes you have to edit to get the perfect look,
Inspiration: Mandy Moore on Marie Claire March 12, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Inspired by Leighton Meester’s In Style Shoot… March 19, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Clockwise from top left: The leaves of Grass blouse is pretty much the perfect top in my book, I’ve had my eye on it
Emmys Best Dressed September 18, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Lea…no.I feel like I’ve seen this dress(or something like it) ten times. I really want to pull up Julia’s top. But the dress is gorgeous. Idk who that last girl is, but she looks flawless. Where’s Maria Bello? She looked amazing. LOVED Leah’s dress. Then again, Marchesa can do no wrong in my eyes. Great choices ladies Adoring the look on the right, but then again all three silhouettes are quite appealing!
Street Chic… November 12, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i dont like the middle pic… but those red pants are a dream! the red pants are good 😛
Affordable Line We Love: Alice by Alice Temperly April 12, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic With her original line costing normally within the thousands range, a diffusion line by Alice Temperly of Temperly London was in high demand. Why you may ask? Because her taste is impeccable and her clothing is desirable but it wasn’t very affordable. Well, with Alice by Alice Temperly she has managed to give us all three of the above. Beautiful, contemporary, lustworthy pieces mostly under $500! It may sound like a lot but for Temperly that is a bargain! Check out some of our fave pieces or go here to see the rest of the collection. Believe us when we say that this summer we are sure more than a few of you will finally have their hands on a piece by Alice Temperly!
80s Purple 20% off Jewelry! May 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert 80spurple.com Online Clothing Boutique that chain ring it’s soo cool
Just Touched Down in London Town… September 22, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic Such a different vibe than NYFW but still loving it! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
‘Ghetto’ Ring September 3, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find , Chic Obsessions I’ve been admiring the name plate ring that LC has been donning since last season. I even read somewhere that she had them custom made at a posh Beverly Hills jeweler for her family and friends last Christmas. Ok, so you guys can tell that I googled “ Laruen Conrad’s ring ” and clicked away to try and find someone else who actually manufactures a similar double finger ‘ghetto’ ring as they call it. Well, I found one, and the price is not bad either! You can type in your name, ring size, and silver or gold preference, and viola! Now, I’m not going to directly link to them because, honestly, I’m not sure how legit the website is. But I promise you this, as soon as I get mine in the mail, I’ll be sure to give you guys a heads up! P.S. If you really want one, than just follow my lead and google it! But don’t hold us responsible for any mishaps! *Images courtesy of mtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. any updates on your ring yet? Nope, sorry Sophie. It takes 2 weeks (give or take) to produce, and this doesn’t count shipping and handling. But I’ll be sure to post about it once I get it its been a few months… any updates?
NYLON’s 10th Bday Bash April 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Even Celebs Love a Bargain! January 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After seeing an amazing article on People about Celebs’ style picks under $100, I couldn’t help the strong desire to share a few pics with you guys… Some of them are truly shocking- like Posh Spice wearing something for only $4!!! It’s amazing how mixing these pieces with high-end labels takes them to a whole different level. Kind of like my philosophy when it comes to fashion. If you’re interested in seeing who else loves a bargain click here . *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Credit Crunch it is!
The Look for Less- The Fur Vest July 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Not only are we giving you this celeb favorite style staple for less money, but also for less animal cruelty! What more could you want??? This BB Dakota Brown Potter Faux Fur Vest is a classic winter piece and can be used over a hot dress or even with a plaid shirt and some jeans. Whichever way you decide to wear it, it will give you instant style. Also, use code JULY25 to get an extra 25% off the list price of $57! Doncha love us just a little more??? Buy it here . *Images courtesy of secondcitystyle.typepad.com , alternativeconsumer.com , and nikapika.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It’s out of stock at chickdowntown.com, but fredflare.com has it for $60… use code luckybreaks7 for an extra 35% off. I got mine for $46.95 with shipping included. Check out ebay! There are some great ones there! I ordered this and it looks pretty bad IRL. Sizing is on the small side.
Bling Lovin’ October 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here .
Officially Back on the Fashion Wagon… December 6, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Shes looking gorgeous! love you britney! YAY! Gotta loveee Britney! happy for her, finally peace
Chic Interview: Danny Roberts September 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview One look at his sketches and we guarantee you’ll either be a) popping out the ol’ Crayola’s or b) get addicted to his blog. We have to admit that our lazy selves , in addition to our hectic schedules, have pleasantly allowed us to constantly admire his work at the comfort of our own desks. He’s young, talented, and into fashion; basically our kinda guy. Check out the interview below and then head on over to his blog . Chic Intuition: We find your artwork magnificent. The pieces are filled with emotion and utter beauty. When did you start sketching? Danny: Well… I’ve always loved to draw and sketch. I got my first sketch book in fourth grade, but I never was any good. It wasn’t until two and a half years ago, that I started to draw everyday and really work on getting good at it. Chic Intuition: Most of your work is based around fashion: models, fashion bloggers, designer ads. Any reason why? Danny: I like fashion a lot. I studied Fashion Design and that’s how I ended up doing Fashion Illustration, so I think that’s why Fashion is such a big part of my art. I draw models because they inspire me. I just started drawing fashion bloggers because I like fashion and as I click around fashion blogs, I would come across images that would inspire me or I would see images that just looked fun to draw. Almost all of the designer ads I draw or editorials are out of my character sketch book I started to practice drawing. Chic Intuition: How would you categorize your style? Danny: Not sure what I would categorize my style… to me, it’s just the way I draw. No matter how much practice and how much I try to draw things right, it just comes out in “my style” every time. Chic Intuition: What inspires you? Danny: Inspiration… wow. I would say just about everything. Music definitely inspires the mood of my drawing. I would have to say beautiful women are one of my biggest inspirations. They inspire me to try to capture there beauty on a piece of paper. Also, I love the 1920’s and old pictures. I use all theses things to inspire an idea. Chic Intuition : Who would your dream portrait model be and why? Danny: Hmm… that is a good question…. I would have to say Gemma Ward. There are a few reasons why, the first being that her facial feature have such an interesting look, so it always a great challenge trying to get the drawing right. The second reason, and I think the biggest reason, is she has an innocence and sincerity in her face and expressions that is one of the hardest things to capture with lines on a piece of paper, but on that rare occasion, if i can, it be comes poetry. Chic Intuition: We’re sure we’re going to get a lot of emails asking if you do commissioned work. Do spill if you do please!! Danny: Yes I do except offers to do portraits… but I do want to say I like to pick out the photo to draw. I have a pretty good pulse on what pictures would look cool in drawing form and what wouldn’t. So I really like an assortment of pictures to look through and find one that just feels right. For pricing, it would vary depending on the size, and other specifications the Client or individual is looking for. Chic Intuition: We noticed that you use various mediums to draw/paint. What’s your fave? Danny: Hmm…. well that’s a hard question cause my preference changes daily, haha, but I think my favorite which also is the one I feel most comfortable with is fine tip pens. That’s what I use the most, even when I sketch and doodle. I like it because it forces me to put down confident lines with out the possibility of erasing. Chic Intuition: And finally the philosophical q: how sketchy is too sketchy? Danny: When something with a clear message is covered up by distraction, at that point it becomes too sketchy. *Images courtesy of igorandandre.blogspot.com . he is absolutely great illustrator. the way he portray all this models is absolutely stunning. it is like they are a live. so amazing. he is definetely not too sketchy . intreseting thing what he said about tin pens. no erasing? very brave. gemma word yes i got the feeling that “doll” face models are his muses. i would like to chalange him to draw… hm, why not hane gaby odiele? chalange!!! but seriously, his inspiration with fashion and the way he portray it is stunning. with his talent and his determination im sure it wont be long to see entire issue of vogue italia just with his illustrations. so meisel can take a vocation. okay,i love him…love him! I’ve been addicted to his blog and drawings since last year. I check his blog every day! hahahah I love his drawings. What a good interview! “One look at his sketches and we guarantee you’ll either be a) popping out the ol’ Crayola’s or b) get addicted to his blog.” ^ SO true danny is racist. he only draws pictures of WHITE people. RE: lalaland I really can’t believe that you would call me a Racist. You have never talked to me and your judging me off of my drawings? First off, the statement that i only draw “white people” is false. i draw every race. Second of all, if you have a problem with my work, email me. i would love to talk to you about it. For your information, my best friend since third grade and business partner is Black. I’m really disappointed with your comment… I would ask that you would stop making absurd statements about my character without “Fact Finding” first.
Chic Interview: Francesca from Babooshka June 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Interview Here are Chic Intuition, are aim is to scour between hundreds of up and coming designers, and to highlight the best of the best for our readers. A lot of aspects come to mind when selecting which designers we’d like to feature, but the two main elements that can make or break a potential interviewee are a) design innovation and b) reasonable price points. This next designer not only manages to fulfill our main requirements, but goes way and beyond. You’ve probably already heard of her, since 31 year old Francesca has quite a following in the blogosphere. Her etsy shop, Babooshka Boutique , just oozes edgy chic. Take a look at what she said, and then head on over to her shop . Chic Intuition: Ok, so let’s start with the obvious, what got you into fashion? Francesca: Since the day I could dress myself I always wore bizarre outfits. I always had a love for fashion and a serious shopping problem so I decided to change it into my career. I guess making it my career gave me more of an excuse to shop which in turn created the perfect anecdote for my poison. Went to design school and opened my first boutique immediately after I graduated. I knew I had to take a risk to get anywhere. Chic Intuition: How successful has Etsy been in launching your line? Would you recommend any fresh designers to create accounts there? Francecsa: My line was successful before etsy but once I closed my store I was sad that I would miss that interaction with the Babooskha customer. I continued to sell in boutiques but felt that with etsy I could have an outlet for that one on one interaction I crave. When I started posting my line on etsy last September I figured if anything it would be a place for me to test colors and designs to see their reaction from the general public but has since turned into a never ending queue of orders for people across the world. At this point I have shipped everywhere but Africa. Instead of being only sold in the US over 30% of my business is overseas. Chic Intuition: We love how a large influence in your collection are proportions. Your play with symmetry is genious and so ‘in’ these days. What inspired you to do so? Francesca : Since the first garment I designed I have never had a “slight” anything. I love drama and the trick it plays on the eye to pull off such volume while keeping the figure in mind. One of my first designs that I got to go “all out” on in school was a 27 yard chiffon maxi skirt. It was amazing tons of shirring and volume. I think I play on volume so much because everything with me is exaggerated. I love to test how far I can push something while still keeping it sell-able to the Babooshka customer. Chic Intuition: What future plans do you have for Babooshka? Fracesca: Top secret!! All I can say is keep your eyes and ears peeled! Chic Intuition: Can you give our readers a glimpse into any pieces your designing for your next collection? Francesca: More exaggeration, more drape, more leather, more asymmetry, with a splash of color and tuxedo tails. Chic Intuition: Finally, philosophical question time: how asymmetrical is too asymmetrical?! Francesca: I don’t think it is possible. As long as it is balanced out with the rest of the garment I am ready to push it as far as possible. Asymmetry and knits are the perfect marriage of two words to describe Babooshka… *Images courtesy of babooshkaboutique. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. omg thank you SO much for introducing her to us! i love her stuff! and the prices are amazing too…gonna order love her stuff! I always visit her online boutique and I love this interview!
Chic Trend: Violet Hued Sunnies November 19, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks 1. Emilio Pucci Oversized Cutout Acetate Sunglasses 2. Oliver People Zadie Square Acetate Sunglasses 3. Michael Kors Marrakesh Round-Frame Acetate Sunglasses
When in doubt… March 6, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic bobby-pin the hell out of your hair! That’s not my idea of a good solution, but Dior sure seems to think so! What is up with the ridiculous hair on their Fall runway? Do they want to make a point that it’s ok to let your pins show? Or do you think they want to tell recessionistas that it’s possible to achieve a low-cost hairdo straight off the runway? Whatever it is, their statement makes it difficult to keep the attention on the clothes and I don’t think that it’s in their best interest… Anyhow, I wish I could swear off bobby-pins forever and yet I feel that that would be absolutely impossible! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. the hair + dark makeup is a weird high art interpretation of the 1920’s silent movie actress look, like clara bow or louise brooks. i’m kinda digging it. it’s not like dior is meant for sunday grocery shopping anyway.
Street Chic: Role Models May 31, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The.Best.Pants.Ever April 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Take pants, and add a white tee. Finito. Get them at ssense.com . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Wow these pants are amazing!
Street Looks Gone Bad October 26, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Editorials are Achievable May 29, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic We decided to do this post for two reasons. First, we wanted to prove that you can take any look you admire in a magazine spread and make it your own ( very easily ). And second, you can achieve the look for much less. So without further ado, take a look at this 10 Magazine spread where the model is rocking Luella from head to toe. Cute right? Wanna know what’s cuter? Our $160 version! We chose a similar character tee , ruffled floral mini and lace-up boots . Voila! Instant look for less. *Images courtesy of knighttcat.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Twitter Me This, Twitter Me That July 19, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic
Easy Riders September 10, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Who knew you had to dress up and look this good to ride a bike? Apparently we’ve missed the memo. But after taking a look at these girls, we’re kinda itching to do the same. Elle has dedicated a whole feature to Bike Street Chiceristas, just take a look at some of our fave picks below: *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Whitney’s Rose Knit Headband January 31, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Danielle writes: “Hi. I might be moving from sunny LA back East just like Whitney! (Sorry lame joke), and I’ll actually have to work at my job.. But I would love this headband/ear warmer thing she wore!!” Well D there’s good news and bad news. We’ll assume that you’re an optimist and want to hear the good news first. We know where you can find her headband! Bad news? It’s sold out online. So the actual band Whitney wears is by Anthropologie , it’s called the Roaring Rose Headwrap $24 (style #844327). We recommend calling your local store and asking if they have one in stock. Now if it’s nowhere to be found ( which you can probably credit Whitney’s celebrity style influence ), than you can try this or this option by Free People. Good luck and Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of anthropologie.com , mtv.com , and freepeople.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I make these and sell them in my etsy store! the store isn’t stocked because I do mostly custom orders. if you want one, email me at fashionfille@gmail.com!!! fashionfille.etsy.com
Yes, I’m still leopard crazed. September 25, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of luisaviaroma.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Extreme Footwear February 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll It seems like lately designers are using extreme footwear to make a statement. Want proof? Check out these pics below from the footwear on the spring runways. Where do the designers come up with this stuff? Honestly, I would definitely consider wearing the Balmain sandals… But the YSL caged shoes??? Can you imagine the tan lines you’d get with those things? I sure can! Anyways, we’d love to know, which of these crazy shoes would you be willing to give a try? *Images courtesy of style.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love the Balmain sandals! BJS *keep it stylish* I’d love to wear the balmain sandals… and the ysl caged ones have somehting about it that would make me buy them too; they are amazing The YSL cage shoes are absolutely amazing; I’m pretty sure we used to have some patio chairs made out of just this, LOL! i adore the balmain shoes. to dye for. wouldnt know what to wear them with but love them. Balmain then LV for me I have the balmain sandals and they are stunning!!! and suprisingly super confy!!!!! really like the LV’s tho too xx
No No No! December 1, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Kate Walsh: there’s a difference between baggy and bag lady. Take note. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. bil3aks etshawig ya i liked it too
This Is More Like It!! September 11, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Like we said, we always root for a Kirsten Dunst comeback. We adored her style pre “ i’m a rich girl on a homeless person’s wardrobe budget ” days. Just looking at her feature in Harper’s Bazaar makes us grin with glee. The styling and makeup, in the words of Rachel Zoe, “J’ADORE!”. *Images courtesy of harpersbazaar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. love the blue dress, i can picture me at the office wearing it. I have a budget wardrobe and i don’t look a thing liker her “budget wardrobe”, it all about mixing pieces
Another reason we heart Eszter May 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Images courtesy of forever21.com and stylorectic.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. where can you find this? i need to buy this. genius!! Unfortunately it’s sold out online, but you can probably find it (or a similar necklace) in Forever21 stores. I used to do this with necklaces all the time. Thanks for the reminder of how fabulous this is! Gracie. great idea!i have to try this too!
Bedazzling October 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find It’s no secret that denim jackets (and other items symbolic of the 80’s) are making a huge comeback. When it comes to trends, we love taking the statement piece, and finding one that ups the style factor by taking it up a notch. Take, for example, the denim jacket and all its glory. Ok, so it’s a simple basic right? Wrong. Robert Rodriguez has managed to add a whole new dimension to the basic denim jacket by beading the hell out of it. We are in pure lust of this piece, and if you can afford to drop down the $692 ( ouch, we know ) then you so should. Get yours here . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i own this jacket, actually just received it in the mail 2 days ago, and it is so fab! love it!
Cheap Chic: Alexander Wang April 26, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic We always have our Chic Readers’ backs, especially in this turbulent economic situation. I mean, we know how hard it would be to sacrifice your stylish integrity because of a little money shortage. Although priorities change once your fashion spending allowance decreases, who says you can’t get the look for less? One great example, we found an Alexander Wang Brenda Zip Bag look-a-like for much less! Thanks to Steve Madden, the cross-body bag can be worn by all ( and it comes in 4 different colors! ). It might not be as wrinkly, but try Alex’s way of throwing it in the washing machine for some wear and tear *wink wink*. You can get it here . Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Total faux pas. these are two different bags and they look like waist pouch vacationers wear in south florida
Yay or Nay? June 29, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find We aren’t totally sold on this new color for the Alexander Wang Brenda Chain Bag . We have to admit that the butterscotch tone is very summery, but would we personally don it? Not sure. What do you guys think? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Pass. It’s apricot-ish. I’m not feeling it. I’m not sold on luxury purses that are manufactured in China and sold in the US for several hundred dollars. I don’t care how many colors that purse comes in, my answer will always be no.
No, No, No! June 24, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic We think Maggie woke up today and said, “ Hey, I’m in the mood for the most unflattering outfit ever! ” And yes, it’s a jumpsuit (in disguise), and unfortunately its…..Philip Lim!! Yes, we’re speechless too… *Image courtesy of zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: Christeric May 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Interview Our next interviewee is bad-ass without the attitude, edgy with a twist of girlish demure. Christine resides in LA ( doesn’t it seem like all stylish bloggers do? ) but her loyal fans are from every corner of the globe. She has a degree in fashion, styles, designs, and recently launched her own brand! Talk about an impressive resume for this 25 year old. Check out what she had to say to Chic Intuition and then strut on over to her blog . Chic Intuition: You do a little styling and designing here and there. Talk about a dream job. How’d you get into it? Chris: I studied at a 2 year fashion design school straight out of high school and got a design job right when I graduated. So at 20, I started my design career. Now that I’m 25, I’m venturing into focusing on my own brands such as UNIF (I run with with my boyfriend Eric) and PlayMe Jeans (I own with Eric and my friend Tom from Joyrich) Styling is something I absolutely love but isn’t really my focus. I usually get referred to a job and am always down to do it! Chic Intuition: Seems like you love vintage/flee market shopping. What’s your FAVE purchase to date? Chris: Ooo..that is going to be a tough decision since 75% of my wardrobe is vintage. I guess my most recent fave flea market purchase is a camo marijuana t-shirt I got last week at the Rose Bowl flea market! Chic Intuition: We have something in common: our obsession with the Wangster. We know what we love about him, but why don’t you shower our readers with a little Top 5 Reasons I Heart Alexander? Chris: 1. He’s young so his fresh take on simple designs comes so naturally and un-contrived. 2. Obviously, I love him because he is brutally talented in knowing what looks good. He’s one of the few designers where I can look at the whole collection and “get” why he does each piece. He is so on point. 3. I appreciate his ability to make fashion forward items that are still basic enough to appeal to a wide audience. His stuff is so wearable and likable because he doesn’t get too crazy and avant-garde. Sometimes designs get so overwhelming that it ends up not being wearable or affordable. 4. The ingenious ways he plays with texture…like making leather look like denim or mixing french terry with mesh or corduroy with leather. The list goes on but I really do appreciate his play on textures. 5. He is SUPER nice and sweet when I met him once. Chic Intuition: What was the best thing to have happened to you as a result of blogging? Chris: The best thing to come out of the blog is me actually being motivated to document my interests/outfits/inspirations from this time in my life. Before the blog I was carelessly living without archiving/documenting anything and it got me scared that I would forget when I become an old lady!! Chic Intuition: Name 3 items you’ve been eying as your next fashion purchases for summer. Chris: I’ve been on a mad woman hunt for the perfect tan/nude platforms, a sheer nude over-sized button up, and a light weight sheer trench. Lots of sheer, I know! Chic Intuition: Tell us a little about Play Me Jeans. Chris: PlayMe Jeans is a bottoms brand I launched in Feb with Eric and friend Tom from Joyrich. We will be in stores July. Some online retailers will include Karmaloop , NastyGal , and Revolve Clothing . Check out the styles at: www.playmejeans.com ! Chic Intuition: How in the world do you get your hair to have that perfect beachy wave look?! Jealous! Chris: Lol…I have a digital perm. Sounds weird and tech-y but apparently it’s just a less abrasive way to get a wave perm. It makes my life so easy; my hair is a wash n’ go situation! Chic Intuition: Philosophical question time: how many Wang bags are too many to own? Chris : As long as you like something and have the means to buy it, there should be no limit! If I could afford to, I would buy many more Wang bags! *Images courtesy of christeric.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love your blog! =) xoxo She’s frickin awesome….and i’m pretty sure i’m gettin a digital perm!
Straightened bangs+Curly hair= August 9, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic I’d like to take this opportunity (of having my own blog and all) to talk about a subject near and dear to my heart. A subject that, mind you, might offend the sensitive of the bunch (or those of you out there that follow this “trend”). Before starting, the trick of the trade, as you might have recognized from the title of the post and the images, is the oh so weird combination of blow dried bangs and curly hair. I know that a lot of you will excuse this habit by stating that it minimizes frizz, or gives a nice frame to the face. False. I think that you either have to choose to go curly or straight all the way, from start to finish & from root to end. Why not go natural, and let the curls run wild? I guarantee it’ll look much better than the 80s permed affect the half-half will give. Now I know the character of Pam Beesly from The Office is just playing the role of un -fashionista, rightfully displaying so in her hairstyle, but I didn’t want to place an actual photo and offend anyone (yes, if you google “perm” believe me, you will find pages of offenders). So to answer the equation above straightened bangs+curly hair= disaster! On a side note, I’m a huge fan of The Office, and this post is not aimed at dissing the show. Thought I’d just put it out there before the hate comments start pouring in *wink wink* *Images courtesy of bbc.co.uk ,and nbc.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She looks best with straight hair. I love the one episode where she lets her hair down loose, unbuttons her top button and wears a bit more makeup. She looks very pretty. Funny when Michael “hits” on her so she buttons her blouse back up and ties her hair back again. LOL! i so agree with you fashion chalet! Plus, who doesnt have a crush on “too cute for words” jim?! hate comment UGH i hate soo much when people do this! my friend used to do it and i’d always be like “uh what happened to your head?” thank you for clearing out this so-called trend! meh: LOL thanks for the “hate comment” Fashion Chalet: I loooved the makeover show, when she ordered her clothes online! Haha..hilarious. But did you notice in Season 4, since she’s started dating Jim, her hair is slowly starting to progress into the “acceptable hair” zone? Fee: who doesn’t love Jim?! Elysia: thanks for the support! MIchael: Pam Pam Pam Pam!!! 😛 What would you recommend for a person who has naturally curly hair on most of their head, but naturally straight hair in the front? Should they forgo bangs altogether? (My hair really is like this! I don’t have bangs though.) I have the same problem so what I did is get an asymmetrical bob that’s shorter in the back and long in the front. I made sure to get this cut at a slightly longer length than usual (to make sure I don’t look like a puffball from the back) and now I either straighten all my hair or slightly curl the front and it looks great. Good luck! Disagree. It works if you have BIG curly hair like mine. If I tease it up a little in the back and straighten my bangs it looks wildly amazing.
Sales make me happy. January 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Yes they do. Especially when hot websites offer special promotions on their even hotter products. Let’s take 80spurple.com for example. Honestly, they’ve got some talented buyers there. If you click through a site, and literally have to fight the urge to purchase items the amount of your rent, then you know they’re good. So if you’re in the mood for some online shopping, head on over there and enter code THANKYOU at checkout for an extra 20% off everything ! Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of 80spurple.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Spring Trend: Nude Tones January 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips The hottest trend that we all can rock this upcoming season is the nudes we’ve spotted on almost every runway. It’s so in , we have to say that nude is the new black. Honestly I was starting to get a bit tired of black (I know, I know, how is that so?). My winter wardrobe consists of tones of black, black, black, and a bit of gray. I add a bit of leopard and red here and there, but to me cold weather is always associated with dark tones. That’s why I’m happy to say that nudes seem like a refreshing concept to me. Can’t wait for some sun so I can match my tan with my tan wardrobe! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexa Chung Chic November 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Here’s a great opportunity to look great and feel philanthropic simultaneously. Like what Alexa is wearing? It’s $24, and it’s a design and charity collaboration between Karmaloop and MTV’s Staying Alive Foundation . Forty percent of the proceeds go towards The Staying Alive Foundation to fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic. Get yours here . *Images courtesy of mtv.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Black Friday Sales! November 24, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert
Live from New York! February 12, 2010 | Tags: Real Life Chic
Forever Faithful to Forever21 February 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Leave it to F21 to stud the hell out of everything you can imagine. And also leave it up to them to duplicate the MK Olsen yet unavailable studded bag in a milli-second. We have to admit that their version does not do the actual one justice, but hey, take what you can get (and since we mortals can’t get the real deal ’till a few months from now, this is one way to cope with the reality). Honestly, doesn’t everything look that much hotter with a couple of studs on it?! *Image courtesy of forever21.com . that’s such a cool picture! i wouldn’t expect photography like that from f21! p.s. allie is kind of freaking me out, glaring over there….
MTV VMA Style Winners September 8, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Rihanna- ‘cuz she’s the only person in the world that can get away with that dress and a white streak in her hair Miley Cyrus – It’s one of the rare times she dresses her age, and we think it’s divine! Audrina Partridge – Golden glittery goddess Bar Refaeli – Her tank maxi dress fits like a glove! Britney Spears – Comeback Queen *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. britney looks amaaaaaazing! come back to us britney..come back!
No, No, No! March 30, 2012 | Tags: Not Chic If you want to torture someone we suggest buying them this skirt as a gift. They’d be too ashamed to let a Marc Jacobs piece go to waste, but they’d have to endure the discomfort of such a material. Marc, we love you, but what in the world!? *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. who in the world would want to wear a plastic bag like that? sometimes, i wonder what these designers are thinkinnnngggg… so in agreement with you. OMG! CRINGE!
Intel Visual Life – The Sartorialist February 5, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find Though we only met for a few seconds last year in New York, the memory is still vivid in our heads. You can’t deny this man is a genius, and this video only proves our point. We can’t believe it’s been around for a month and we’ve just realized it’s around…
Would you? August 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find I am flawed. But I’m not sure if the following is actually considered a flaw or a an attribute of good fortune. I care what people think. I care, that it sometimes influences my fashion choices. Don’t get it? Lets take the following example to heart. The moment I saw these jeans, by Shopbop ‘s latest exclusive line, Custom Denim , I freaked out. I loved the brilliance of of detail, but winced while imagining the public’s reaction. And by public, I include my own mother . Chic Critic thinks they are divine, and would totally pair them with a loose tee and booties. Question is, would you? Our stylists are a constant source of fashion inspiration here at Shopbop, so when they started showing up in jeans they had hand-destroyed to their exacting standards, an idea began to take shape: what if we launched a capsule line of limited-edition, one-of-a-kind denim pieces distressed on-site by our very own styling team? –Shopbop *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Chic Freak: Do you remember when Titanic first came out, and ALL the weird guys wore jeans with one white leg and the other black? Ya, the end. THOSE ARE SICK! I love a mixture of textures and subtle elements that change up a look with out over powering it. They are styled greatly. I LOVE THEM!
Serena’s Studded Bag August 3, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Buy it here . *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: London Fashion Week February 27, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic On a side note, Natalie Portman is that you on the left??? *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Anna Sui for Target June 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember when we told you guys that Anna Sui was collaborating with Target on a Gossip Girl inspired fashion line ? Well the pictures are finally in and the verdict is… WOW! The pieces are absolutely gorgeous and really do embody the spirit and style of the Gossip Girl cast. In the three looks below I can clearly see Jenny, Blair, and Vanessa. For all the Gossip Girl fashion fans out there keep your eyes out for this line out in October 2009. Gossip Girl looks at an affordable price? How much better can Target get? *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Hey I really Like the Dress in the Middle, I want to know where can Find it?
Hermes for Less June 2, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Picks We’re huge fans of Hermes. We’d love to sport one of their beauties, when we’ve reached a certain age of maturity and poise and actually have enough saved away that we can afford the splurge. What we hate? Knock-offs. We here at Chic Intuition have a saying, “If you can’t afford it, don’t sport it”. With that said, there’s nothing wrong with donning a bag with a similar…let’s call it ‘ aura ‘. We’ve all seen the messenger Hermes on their Fall 2010 runways, and we don’t need to ask their price. If you’d like a similar structured messenger for around $350, why not sport one of these Dooney & Bourke bags? We love the Alto saddle version or even the Amazon . They look so much more than their worth. I need to get my hands on one, only question is…which?! *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
We predict the new “it” shoe for 2012 is… January 16, 2012 | Tags: Uncategorized *Images courtesy of ilovewildfox.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Immediately fell in love with these! Looks very wearable
Cheap Chic: Raquel Allegra Tees and Tanks May 12, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic They’re all the rave these days. Bloggeristas have been going crazy after spotting Allegra’s now infamous shredded tees on the likes of Nicole Richie, Penelope Cruz and the oh so stylish Kate Lanphear. Everyone wants to get their hands on them, but not everyone can. These babies run up to $1,190 for a kaftan, and start at $590 for a distressed scarf. But as usual, we Chics have a solution for everything. Want the look for much less ? We’re exclusively selling a limited amount of white and blacks tanks and tees by an independent label. Just drop a comment on this post if you’d like one and we’ll email you the info. Bonus: we ship internationally! The total for the shirt with shipping is $270 . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of shopflick.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Is it only me or 270$ for a shirt like that is A LOT of money? Like come on… sorry but the shirt looks like it gonna break at every moment. Yea it is.. It’s a beautiful shirt, and trust me if i could afford it, I’d by it in a heartbeat… But its definitely not cheap chic in the slightest. go to etsy. you’ll find them way cheaper. You can make these yourself. I did and you just use any old or new shirt. It costs basically nothing compared to this.
Stree Chic: Get the Look for Less December 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic I was chatting with Chic Critic ( for 6 straight hours might I add, yes we think we broke our own record ), and mentioned to her how easy it would be to turn this cardigan into a chic wardrobe staple. The minute she saw it, she loved it as well. You can belt it, wear it over a dress, or with a hot pair of leggings. The options are endless. We were just discussing how we’d roll up the sleeves when, lo and behold, I find a street snapping of Anna Kipta from Interview Magazine. Her coat (from French Connection ) is almost identical to our beloved cardi. Hotness huh? *Images courtesy of altamiranyc.blogspot.com and spiegel.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rachel Bilson Chic August 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Rachel where’ve you been? Obviously she always looks fab, but we felt like we needed a bit of a Bilson Break. She was out this morning in a typical casual chic look, flannel and denim shorts. Love it. We decided to go for a Cheap Chic and find alternatives that added up to $132! Happy Shopping! Delia*s Kristina Plaid Shirt $39.50 Alloy Aphrodite Vintage Boyfriend Short $22.50 GAP Sleekback Peep Toe Flats $14.99 Fossil Mini Turn-Lock Bag $55 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Reads of the Week December 12, 2008 | Tags: Chic Reads Some posts we liked reading this week. I especially loved the Rihanna look. She pretty much NAILED it! Also, I almost burst out laughing when I saw they Rykiel-designed Coca Cola bottle. Taking fashion to a whole new level Nicole Kidman in L’Wren Scott (Chic Stories) Celebrity Gossip: Gisele Bunchen Getting Married? (Couture in the City) Look Back (Le Fashion) Book This Look- Rihanna (My Lookbook) Coca Cola Light By Nathalie Rykiel (Style Frizz)
Street Chic: Balenciaga Babes October 31, 2012 | Tags: Street Chic This print is everywhere! Gotta get our hands on one ASAP! *Images courtesy of streetpeeper.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The Shoes That Have Been Taking the Blogosphere By Storm… November 21, 2010 | Tags: Chic Obsessions Each season there is always one shoe that bloggers declare as the season’s IT shoe of the season. First, there were the Colin Staurt studded booties, then the Sam Edelman Zoe boots, and now the Jeffrey Campbell Lita’s. If you are anyone worth following on the internet, you are donning these amazing booties! Get them here . *Images courtesy of lookbook.nu . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I KNOW! These shoes are EVERYWHERE!!! they make their feet look huge!! Yes, I love the Lita! I want it in 3 different colors! I do not love those shoes. I think they are unflattering on pretty much everyone who wears them. I’m still in disbelief that the girl in the above image on the right, is wearing such poorly made shoes with a $10,000 Hermes (assuming that it’s real) is beyond me. Beyond. The Queen of Hearts
Alexander Wang Sweater Love January 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find We gave you a sneak preview with the introduction of his tank , and now Shopbop finally has the sweater version the blogosphere has been going gaga over. If only bloggers loved more humans as much as I loved this sweater…the world would be a better place. Yes we got all philosophical . Who cares. The sweater made us do it… Get it here . *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. im so buying this sweater.
Mulberry for Target June 16, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert We may be a little late announcing this great piece of news but that doesn’t mean we aren’t super-excited. The latest designer to partner with Target is……….. MULBERRY! Can I get a woot woot? The limited edition collection will be available on October 10th this year. Can’t wait to see what they will come up with! Yay! That’s great news!
Statement Shoes February 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Juicy Couture Perri Boots *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Because we consider you family… May 19, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert www.endless.com
Thigh Highs November 3, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Sometimes there’s that item of clothing that makes you go “ Huh? “. In today’s “ Huh? ” installment, we’ve decided to feature these GoldSign Stylex Thigh High Leggings. Basically they’re a pair of denim leggings that have been cut off at the thighs, leaving it’s lucky donner with half a pair of pants. We think the designer’s train of thought might have gone something like this: “So people, today I decided to create a beautiful pair of denim leggings, but I’m thinking…hmmm..I feel like, like, like chopping off the top half. You know, like Olivia Newton John getting physical in her Goldsigns. What do you mean what am I thinking? Where are you guys going? Umm, hello…HELLOOOO” We vote: stay away from the thigh highs. *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Yea, don’t like that at all. It just doesn’t look right. WTF is that!?? Kill it before it makes anymore human contact!!!!!! Kill it!!! Honestly though, this must be a joke! thigh high boots, jeggings, leggings, when will they go away? I LOVE this post! Haha!
The Skirt… September 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. very chic indeed. fendi has very savvy pieces this season. Thanks! Seems like everywhere we look, the designers keep throwing another hot piece our way i love the blouse AHHH yeah thats the ruffle blouse Blair wore in GG…now i bet its going to be really famous!! blair waldorf’s blouse. this one is awesome :)))
The Look for Less:  PRPS Leather Jacket November 2, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Remember back when we posted about our lust for the PRPS Leather Cape Jacket ? Well we’ve been lusting after it ever since and are currently waiting for the price to go down a bit. Although it’s a gorgeous jacket, $880 still seems a bit steep. Especially for these California winters where they literally come and go in a flash and the clothing goes back in its boxes almost unused. Well for those of you who are also in love but don’t have our patience, check out this similar BB Dakota version I stumbled upon for only $198 at shopbop.com ! Although the leather is a little lighter (which might be a plus in warmer climates), it gives a similar draped effect for only a fourth of the price. Gotta love a sweet deal! Ah, man. The ran out of smalls in the BB Dakota version. Do you know how they fit? I wonder if a medium would be okay…hmm.
Baby Chic! June 22, 2010 | Tags: Real Life Chic If you follow us on twitter , then you’d know one of us Chicsters was carrying a bun in the oven. Well, now we here at Chic Intuition would like to send out a huge cyber hug & kiss to our CEO Chic Critic. Why? Well, she just had her firstborn yesterday! Congratulations sweety, we now know there will be someone to carry out our legacy of spreading chicness to the world. xoxo Congratulations on the adorable baby!! Congrats to her. I hope she is as chic as her mommy! Good luck with everything. Congratulations to the fabulous Mommy and her sure-to-be-chic baby 😀 Oh WOW!! That’s amazing! Congratulations! You should do a post on your baby’s chic outfits! 😀 congratulations chic critic on the beautiful baby i’m sure you’ll be a mom+baby chic duo 😉
Mary Kate Olsen Makeup Chic February 25, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic While everyone admired MK’s outfit, jewelry over gloves, and shoes at the Burberry Prorsum show in London, I was too busy staring at her face! The girl is known for taking fashion risks and her brownish lipstick is no exception. I also thought lipliner was officially out but she makes it look so good! I decided to go on a mission to find a similar look and was able to do so courtesy of M·A·C. To get the look… Face: Apply M·A·C Studio Moisture Tint SPF 15 in Medium allover face and neck. Next, brush on some M·A·C Bronzing Powder in Golden. Eyes: Using the M·A·C ‘Spring Color Forecast’ Eyeshadow Kit , brush Manila Paper eyeshadow from lashline to browbone. Next apply the color Aztec onto crease. Finally, brush creole from lashline to crease and onto lower lashline. Line upper and lower lashlines with M·A·C Fluidline in Blacktrack and brush M·A·C Mascara X in Black X onto lashes. Lips: Now the most important part of her look! Apply M·A·C ‘All Ages, All Races, All Sexes’ Lipstick in Empowered onto lips. Finish off the look by lining your lips with M·A·C Lip Pencil in Stripdown. *Image courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I Love the Naked look!
Leopard Love November 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Lately, we have been lusting after anything leopard! From scarves to shoes to sunglasses, you name it! As long as it’s leopard we L.O.V.E. It all started with the leopard scarf by Louis Vuitton that took the fashion world by storm last winter. Oh ♥ MJ ♥, you are always the brains behind our favorite fashion revolutions… 1. French Connection Faux Fur Leopard Coat 2. Fantas-Eyes Women’s Wildfire Resin Sunglasses 3. D&G Dolce & Gabbana Women’s Leopard Pump 4. Juicy Couture Leopard Faux Fur Stole 5. Motel Leopard Print Pants 6. Kate Spade New York ’34th Street Treesh – Large’ Patent Leather Shopper I’m loving all of the leopard print. I’ve been obsessed since I can remember. Great post. I’d already seen some of the items but not the others. Thanks.
Runway to Realway: Chloe June 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Miroslava Duma Chic October 29, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I LOVE Grace Coddington’s glare in the back lol. But I agree, the look is totally badass! looooooves it! LOL! The glare is hilarious AGREED 100%!
Fashion Week Chloe Chic November 14, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
LnA Thrashed Leggings March 8, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find After answering a reader’s question about Anja Rubik’s slashed leggings, we noticed that a lot of you were interested in the trend. Though we have to admit that it’s not an easy look to pull off (anticipate a number of stares from a couple of fashion conservatives), we decided to announce that LNA have come out with a couple of different alternatives to the trend. Created exclusively for Singer22, you can get your hands on a pair of thrashed leggings here . Happy shopping! *Image courtesy of singer22.com
Shopbop Sells Vintage Chanels! August 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Just when I thought Shopbop couldn’t get any better, they start stocking vintage Chanels! If you are interested, you’ve got to search a bit on the site, since for some reason ( probably the fact that they are one of a kind and selling out kind of quick ) you can’t find the bags in the search engine under ‘Chanel’. I mean, from yesterday till today the bags went from 3 to 2 in what I can see. So just type ‘vintage’ in the search box and they should appear there. If not, email customer service. Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No No No! August 23, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic How many No’s can YOU spot??? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Haha! this post had me laughing out loud! oh my gosh me too! talk about sleazy ! this top has been on every worst fashion lists. I already saw it on two celebrities in black
Project Runway Alert! September 9, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert A role filled by the likes of Parker Posey, Debra Messing, Victoria Beckham and now JLO herself!!! Yes people, I’m talking about the latest Project Runway Finale Judge. Based on this new development, I predict that Korto will be the winner of this season. Why you may ask? I honestly believe that the winner of Project Runway is usually dependant on the personal style of the celebrity guest judge and I think Korto’s design aesthetic is very Jlo-esque. Anyways, until then, let’s just see if Korto makes it to the finale in the first place… *Images courtesy of justjared.com and bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
JJ Winters Grey Suede Fringe Bag January 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love jj winters collection.i will def be getting one once i get my paycheck. honestly, I prefer the 3 cheaper options than the miumiu shoes oops sorry i meant to comment on the post above ! do you know where i can get a similar bag like this but cheeper? under 100 would be fantastic! You can get a similar one from topshop if your from the UK. iv got it in purple its worth every penny. i’m selling those.i love it too.i’m from vietnam so if you like it,you can contact me.fringe bag’s price is 10 usd.in vietnam dong is 180.000.
Rihanna Chic January 3, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic This might be a bit too quirky for some of us, but hey, Rihanna can pull anything off. I don’t know why, but for some reason I was attracted to her jacket the moment I saw it. Maybe it was the ruffles? Maybe it was the unexpected purple plaid? Either way, I’m starting to crave it. And you readers know what I do when I crave….I buy. Well, I would have bought it if it wasn’t sold out . Damn you Rihanna and your sell out fashion effect! Once your spotted in anything, it automatically flies off the racks. So the next best thing? This L.A.M.B Plaid Ruffle Vest . Just as sweet, minus the sleeves. Phew! Saved by the tweed… *Images courtesy of zimbio.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I beg to differ, I think her outfits are usually very contrived, very forced. This is however very toned down and cute for a change. When she doesn’t try hard, she is the cutiest thing! I completely agree Lala/S-R. You hit the nail on the head. Just visisted your blog, Ally.=) i think the L.A.M.B. version looks just a notch better They are both L.A.M.B. Do you mean the jacket is better than the vest or vice versa? The version on the model looks better as a vest.
Happy Happy Joy Joy! February 14, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized Couldn’t ask for a better Valentine’s greeting 😀
Cheap Chic: Fingerless Gloves August 27, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Is warming your digits that important or can you afford to save a little (in this case A LOT)? Cheap: Carolina Amato Unlined Leather Snappy Driver in Black Steep: Alexander McQueen Black Leather Fingerless Gloves wow what a bargain… and tbh; even if i love mcqueen, the cheap version looks more polished and better quality I agree, the cheap ones look way better! Even the fastening is nicer.
MJ Tribute August 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Reads Check out the cover of special subscriber-only collectors cover of the September 2009 issue of Harper’s Bazaar , out August 18. Love how the editors drew their inspiration from modern designer pieces, doesn’t everyone have a little Michael in their lives? *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I saw these may be a week or two ago, always great to see Aggy! I love me some Aggy! Way to show homage, HB! Thanks for posting, CI!
Net-A-Porter Coupon Code! January 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Chic Shopping: Revolve Sale Up to 80% Off! October 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks 1. By Malene Birger Neet Lace Chiffon Blouse in Cream 2. Boessert-Schorn Twine Cascade Pullunder in White/Red Melange 3. Nanette Lepore Little Darling Tee in Plum Passion 4. Velvet Angels Lady Luck Bow Pump in Black 5. Soni & Cindy Soleil Short Sleeve Romper in Tophat Black 6. Lorick Tike Shirt in Navy 7. Laurie B Surf’s Up Sleeveless Sweater in White 8. Corey Lynn Calter Tricia Bubble Sleeve Cardigan Dress in Taupe 9. Crispin & Basilio Pleated Bomber Jacket in Chocolate
Max and Chloe Sale Alert June 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ends at midnight tonight! Click here or on the image below.
The pants… May 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Singer 20% Off Sale July 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
BR Jewelry Contd… August 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find I have done many a post on Banana Republic jewelry. The thing is, though, that their collection is constantly changing with BR continually adding new pieces and so I try my best to stay up to date. Anyways, I decided to check up on one of my fave jewelry brands and see if there were any new pieces and just about fell off my chair when I saw the gorgeous necklaces they have this season. Get them quick though cuz their nicest pieces seem to run out fast (probably because of the price tag)… *Images courtesy of bananarepublic.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Charlie My Love April 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Woven booties? Sign me up. Charlie My Love ATM Knotted Woven Booties in black Charlie My Love ATM Knotted Woven Booties in gray *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Les Jeans de Chanel August 24, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert Come Fashion’s Night Out, Chanel will be launching a limited edition nailpolish collection inspired by none other than Blue Jeans! This trio will be available September 8th at all Chanel boutiques participating in FNO in addition to chanel.com . We will definitely be standing in line for this collection. Will you? […] Intuition wants you to be the first to know about Chanel’s Limited Edition Nail Polish Collection var OB_langJS = 'http://widgets.outbrain.com/lang_en.js&#039;; var OBITm = '1332140015105';var […]
Lindsay Lohan & Ungaro Spring 2010 October 5, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review , Not Chic When we first heard that Lohan was appointed ‘Creative Director’ of Ungaro we were shocked to say the least. We know that actors and singers have smudged the line between entertainment and design (with numerous collaborations, both poor and gorge to support the aforementioned), but one of the most prestigious fashion houses hiring an actress with a track record of tardiness, drugs, alcohol, and pure drama seemed a bit reckless on Ungaro’s part. Don’t forget the fact that one of our personal faves, and youngest fashion talents out there, Esteban Cortazar coincidentally left the label as head designer when Lindsay’s job was made public, only adding salt to our wounds. So you can imagine our anticipation for their Spring 2010 show, and we can happily say we were pleased that our initial predictions were correct. The designs were amateur and the glittery pasties were cheesy and we could instantly see the brand slip away from the cooler and more modern direction that Esteban was taking it in. Do we believe Lindsay actually had a huge part to do with it? Not really. Do we think she was hired to create buzz for the Emanuel Ungaro line? Yes most definitely. Do we still think she needs help and seems a bit off? Take a look at her talking in the video below and decide yourselves. wait when you say pleased, do you mean you actually liked it? The glittery hearts are killing me. yuck. The theme was hearts… and bubblegum pink! That collection was a etrocious! I can tell Lindsay’s very emotional about putting out this collection.Her casual style is great but as a designer?No No No!And poor girl,she looks SO old. lindsay looked really bad and totally out of it i can’t decide whether she’s drunk or high. or both. oh god. she look like middle 30s. wow she looks really out of it wooooow i am SHOCKED at how old she looks!!!!and everything coming out of her mouth is just OFF
Tshirt Store January 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Even though we haven’t even reached the peak of chilly weather yet, I found myself seeking some t-shirt therapy online. So you could imagine my pleasant surprise when I cyber bumped into a website dedicated to them, the Tshirt Store . Each running for about $35 a pop, it’s a haven for graphic tee lovers. Just remember to patiently await the weather to heat up before running out and frolicking in these babies. *Images courtesy of en.tshirtstore.se . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. thanks for this post, i’ve been looking for a good place to get graphic tees Tshirt Store on Chic Intuition Thanks Girls ! Go Check it Out
No, No, No! August 17, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic We are usually full of praise when anything Alexander Wang is brought up, but not this time. This must be one of the ugliest creations known to mankind, up there with mom jeans and scrunchies. Blech. Can you imagine someone spending $925 on these boots? Actually, we can. Avril Levigne, these babies are callin’ your name! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. ha ha I so agree when I saw these on shopbop.com I was freaked out Alex Wang is all that but these are a total hell no. wow…that is one FUGLY a$$ thing oh wow. these are heinous.
Leighton Meester Chic October 3, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Please, tell us if we’re boring you with Leighton posts. Seems like we just can’t get enough of her make-up and looks. We couldn’t avoid posting about this chic blazer+strapless dress combo. The colors are perfect for that transition into a fall wardrobe. We selected this twill Nicole Miller number, and matched it with a navy boys blazer from Urban Outfitters . And while we’re at it, we might as well get a clutch and pumps too. Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Blair Waldorf’s Ruffle Blouse November 11, 2008 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Ok so before you even email to ask, I felt it was necessary to address the elephant in the room at Blair’s party on last night’s episode of Gossip Girl- ummm her blouse!!! OMG! It looked amazing huh??? We’ve included the same blouse in a previous post if any of you avid Chic Readers can remember. We just never imagined it would look that good in real life. Unfortunately for now this Bill Blass Flamenco Backless Blouse is sold out but you can always add your name to wish list and and net-a-porter will contact you when it’s back online. Trust me, after that episode I’m almost 100% sure they’ll bring it back! *Images courtesy of cwtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i love blair. I was looking for this ruffle blouse online then i stumbled on chic intuition!! Love it …..xoxo She is simply gorgeous. I saw this pic a last week and LOVED it. Everything was perfect, from her hair to her gorgeous ruffled top to her black skirt, her eyeliner,lipstick, everything. Gotta love Blair. Oh and also Leighton in real life;p. BLAIR IS SOO GORGEOUS!! whatever shes wearing, SHE ROCKS IT !!! i don’t think anyone can look THAT GOOD in that top! OH. MY. GOD. I have to have it !!!!! Where else could I get it ?! I neeeed it !!
The Power of Celebrity… December 5, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic If you needed any more proof that celebrities always get their way, check out Kate Bosworth in a dress from the Phillip Lim Spring Collection . Not only is this dress not available for purchase yet, but Kate had Phillip make her a custom ‘green’ version of the original!!! Being able to call up designers and have you make them a custom dress to go with the theme of your event??? That ladies and gentlemen is the power of celebrity… *Image courtesy of justjared.com and style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Get the Look: Red Blazer and Statement Earrings October 5, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Gossip Girl Chic I’ve been looking for the perfect red blazer for awhile now and just about gave up. Now that I spotted Serena van der Woodsen in the latest episode of Gossip Girl donning her perfect red blazer, I can’t help but want one even more. I also couldn’t keep my eyes off her amazing Oscar de la Renta earrings but unfortunately they are sold out. Anyways, I searched high and low and think it’s possible to get a very similar look with this Vanessa Bruno Single Breasted Blazer and these Erickson Beamon Neon Lucite and Diamanté Crystal Earrings . *Image courtesy of gossipgirlinsider.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexander Wang Rocco in Citrus December 6, 2011 | Tags: Chic Picks That was honestly the first thing that came to our minds. Check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Kate Walsh Chic May 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Ah, Kate Walsh and fashion: the yo-yo never stops swinging up and down with her. Sometimes her choices are chic, others are bleak. But don’t worry Katie, we’re loving your outfit today! In fact, we love it so much that we’re going to create an inspired look for less just for our Chic Intuition readers. Try this chiffon top , with these denim shorts , a cute clutch and cuff sandals . Viola! Happy Shopping (& Saving!!). *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I need more browns in my wardrobe and all these websites ship to Canada. Perfect, thanks! Good choices. I love the Chloe wedges Kate is wearing. loving the denim shorts with the beige sandals! will prob be my summer look! Ooh, maybe you can help me with my own summer look. I recently saw miley cyrus sporting the cutest bikini, i must have it! http://www.people.com/people/gallery/0,,20279282_20622904,00.html Could you tell me where its from? I’ve kind of been in love with these Chinese Laundry sandals for awhile http://www.chineselaundry.com/indShoe.asp?type=l&store=c&id=3896&sess=05180934398446409
Post Xmas Sales December 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert What’s the best remedy for unfullfilled Christmas gift wishes? Why, saving a bunch on chic items ( makes buying them for yourself that much better ). Just click on the images below to visit the sites and shop away! Oh, yummy! Thanks for sharing~
Walkin’ the Extra Style Mile December 23, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Oh yes ladies, we’re still thinking about The City and counting the days (6 to be exact). Till then, take a look at their latest promo pic. Absorb the chic ness ladies, absorb… To get their looks try: Olivia Karta Laser cut A-line dress Pedro Garcia Brazil ankle boots Whitney MINT jodi arnold Bead embellished tank Miu Miu Bow-front skirt Rupert Sanderson Condor shoe boots Erin Rebecca Taylor Lace ruffle dress Christian Louboutin C’est Moi shoe boots *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. yikes, olivia’s legs look like sticks These separate looks gives me sophistication chic Erin is giving me Purple Reign with her all black ensemble with a touch of COLOR i definitely love her class each one makes a clear statement that you can pull any skimpy black dress with the right shoe ….I love it
Street Chic: Black Pumps January 28, 2013 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
House of Harlow Sunglasses February 2, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert They’re heeeeeeeeeere! House of Harlow Sunglasses are finally available to purchase and are looking goooood my friends. I’m especially loving the tortoise Olivia pair with the gold chains . Wanna know the best thing about HOH sunglasses? The price point! All are priced at $125 or less. Yes, you heard us correctly- onetwentyfive!!! Now run on over to Shopbop before they disappear… ¿What about the quality?
All About the Eyes… December 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it: Shiseido The Makeup Hydro Power Eyeshadow *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. hey, i have your site under my radar a while now.esp the chic pick/obsession.yes. oh and the eye makeup is bangin x)
Scented with Sweetness February 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks , Real Life Chic I wanted to share a little secret with you guys. Honestly I was contemplating whether or not I should, since, well it’s one of my best kept stored in the file cabinet of my brain with a combination lock secret, but I think you deserve to know. I’m one who loves colognes, but there are two specific scents that literally cause people to stop in their tracks and ask me what I’m wearing. Now, both scents are totally different, exuding opposite vibes. One’s a ‘I’m as innocent as a sweet cupcake’ scent and the other is ‘I’m sexy and I know it’ . What are they? Trish McEvoy #9 Blackberry & Vanilla Musk Spray is the perfect summer scent, sweet and divine. For darker nights and colder winters, try Narciso Rodriguez ‘For Her’ Eau de Toilette . Happy Smelling! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Take me back to that era. November 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Yes all the items in this image are from one place. Check it out here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. you can take me back with you LOVE FREE PEOPLE SO SO MUCH! xx.M One word: BRILLIANT!
The epaulets… December 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. The dress is so pretty!!! thesingular.blogspot.com
Shopbop Sale Alert September 23, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert
Alexander Wang Cheap August 19, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic I kept debating about this jacket last winter: to get, or not to get? I thought that since it was such a known, statement piece, it would automatically get thrown into the recycle bin once the season was over. And you know what? I’m happy I didn’t get it. That’s the thing with ever so stylish, popular pieces: every person, even ones living under a rock, know what season it’s from. So you can imagine my excitement when I spotted this similar, and much less pricey version on Chick Downtown. That’s the way, uh huh uh huh , I like it!!! (OMG where the hell did that song come out from hiding?!) Get it here . P.S. Use code SEASON30 to get an extra 30% off everything including sale items. (Offer ends midnight tonight!) *Images courtesy of style.com and chickdowntown.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. cuuute jacket…all about being a recessionista. not avail on the web site! It is available! just click on ‘what’s new’ tab and you’ll find it there. If not, click on DESIGNERS, then choose BB DAKOTA and you will find it there. Ahh yes. I love a fly piece on the cheap!!
First Look: Narciso Rodriguez for Ebay February 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The latest designer to jump on the affordable fashion bandwagon is non other than Narciso Rodriguez! His first capsule collection will be released in collaboration with eBay on February 15th! Judging from the first photos of the 8-piece spring collection he’s created, I can honestly say it’s a little too classic for my taste. I will say, however, that for the Narciso kind of girl these pieces are the perfect way to get signature look without paying the hefty price that usually goes with it. Each piece will be offered at fixed prices ranging from $75 to $350 and will be available exclusively at his Narciso Rodriguez store on eBay. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. agree on the too classic tip, but that black and white dress would be amazing with a moto jacket and a neon pop accessory!
See by Chloe Clutch October 19, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find We’re not usual fans of the small clutch (supersize baby!), but the zipper detail and silver color got us drooling. Bonus: comes with detachable straps! Get it here . Comments One Response to “See by Chloe Clutch” Elana on October 20th, 2008 2:06 am This is so hot. I think I love every Chloe bag i’ve seen http://ebayfashionaddict.wordpress.com Leave a Reply Name (required) Email Address(required) Website This is so hot. I think I love every Chloe bag i’ve seen
Chic Poll: Cheesy Snaps December 8, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll there’s something odd about Lindsay and Santa. Like an Angel married with a Devil. Just doesn’t work.
LC & Lo Chic August 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The one thing that’s better than seeing a celeb looking fab on the streets, is seeing her with her equally stylish bestie. Oh, and adding a couple of Barney’s bags to mix doesn’t hurt either! Loves it . I’m so inspired by Lo’s simple look here, that I already got my version of the outfit ready for the movies tonight. If you want to look like these stars, try: Shoshanna Palm Beach Floral Strapless Romper See by ChloePocket Cardigan Parker Button Down Blouse Unknown Factory Biker Skinny Jeans *Images courtesy of imnotobsessed.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. it’s interesting how you are inspired by Lo’s look in this picture, but on the gofugyourself website posted this pic as an ill fitting jean. Ya it’s their job to hate on celeb outfits 😛 ..I personally am a fan of high rise jeans, since they give the illusion of a smaller waist but as they say, to each his own..
Gossip Girls On & Off Set July 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic So it’s pretty obvious by now that we’re die hard GG fans here at Chic Intuition. We love the girls’ style on set, but even more, we love their styles when they are off duty. When they’re busy conquering the streets of Soho, Leighton Meester and Jessica Szohr manage to look easy, breezy, and beautiful. Take a look at our Checklist to Chic : *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Cute! Thanks for all the GG coverage, it’s great. More jess/Vanessa Abrams please.
One Top Two Ways February 5, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . Casual: Current/Elliot The Moto Skinny Jeans Bloch Lolly Pop Ballerina Flats Dressy: RM by Rolan Mouret Gaea Stretch Cotton Skirt Valentino Bow Detail Satin Sandals kind of weird to wear it if it has the adidas logo on the back kind of throws it off.. Ya for the dressed up version I was thinking that you can tuck it into the skirt. omg i can’t believe ur calling that a ‘logo’…it’s TINY you can’t even see it..plus its the same color as the shirt..lol
Boot Lust… December 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Dolce Vita Josey Zipper Boot yeah- definitely lustworthy!
Krysten Ritter Chic October 8, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Oh my gosh, how cute does Krysten look here? The bangs and high-waisted skirt seem to make a great combo. Who woulda thought? Her dress is by LaRok, and it’s called the ‘ After Party Dress ‘. After ? How bout before, in between and after party dress?! Loves it. *Images courtesy of justjared.com and singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. her hair is HORRIBLE though!! frizzy much? krysten looks so much better in it than the model!
Droolworthy… October 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Availabe at shopbop.com .
Exclusive: YSL for Net-A-Porter March 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert SO Classy!!!!!
Alexander McQueen Fall 2009 March 11, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Gives a whole new meaning to freaky fashion no? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. okay i know fashion is art but wayyyyyyyyy too much how are we supposed to take trends from this ?! i could be a little less crazy…. well yeeea, if u see the clothes that were actually sold they were nothing like this, hes showing patterns and shapes!
Chic Obsession: Boyfriend Blazers December 19, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Obsessions , Chic Tips We love them, we even stated they were a reason to get a BF, and one stylista with THE status is always donning them (Kate Moss if you couldn’t guess by the picture above). Just keep in mind that you should either roll up the sleeves, to avoid looking like you shrunk from the dryer, or wear one that has tailored sleeves. Also, try to wear fitted pieces underneath the jacket. If you wear a loose, baggy dress for example, you might be forced to get back on your time machine to 1982. Other than that, you’re most likely safe to stroll around in your BF Blazer. Get one girls, you wont regret it. ( A boyfriend blazer, not necessarily a boyfriend ). *Images courtesy of celebuzz.com, dailymail.co.uk and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. i am in love with bf blazerss.. blazers in general! put it over a tee you’re set to go out! I totally love and embrace this trend!!! BJS *keep it stylish* Love it how kate moss is almost always a blazer.. I have 12 myself and counting.
Elizabeth & James Jewels Under $100 March 28, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We are in awe of the latest “Bar” collaboration between Robert Lee Morris and the girls. The best part about it all? The affordability factor. Laying down less than $100 for a piece of the Olsen’s is well worth it in our minds.. Elizabeth and James Vertical Bar Ring $80 Elizabeth and James Bar ID Bracelet $75 Elizabeth and James Cantilever Bar Ring $85 Elizabeth and James Bar Drop Earrings $85 Elizabeth and James Bar Pendant Necklace $90 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Stunning pieces
One of our fave jackets this season… September 11, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks is this Graham & Spencer Leather Jacket . The distressed color, and the fact that it’s a mix between black and brown (more outfit options) in addition to its asymmetrical zipper and exaggerated collar all make it the perfect jacket. Just a warning, don’t expect a low price tag for such a great find. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: Lauren Conrad (As Usual) September 4, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Krystle writes, “Dear fabulous Chic-ess, I have been desperately looking for this orange button-up blouse that Lauren Conrad has worn! I thought I was a master at hunting down who designs what, but this one has me stumped… (note the gorgeous platforms, and by who??? I don’t know AHHHH!!!)” Hey Krystle! We also feel just as frustrated when we can’t figure out the designers behind certain pieces celebrities are caught wearing… Anyways, the shirt we actually aren’t familiar with but were able to find you a very similar one by James Perse. We hope that does the trick! Now the shoes we are actually very familiar with since they are designed by none other than Chloe. Unfortunately the exact model LC is sporting is sold out but we found you a very similar style also from Chloe. Happy Shopping! where i can buy this shoes? plis help me
Shopbop Sale…FURTHER REDUCTIONS! October 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ready, Set, Save! Click here to check it out! I really like that look!it is badass
Abaete for Payless Continued… February 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Lately, if you guys haven’t already noticed, I’ve been on a major budget shopping kick. I am thoroughly enjoying the thrill of a steal and so imagine my happiness when I started looking for shoes on Payless! Not only was the previous collection amazing, but the new pieces from the Abaete for Payless line are absolutely stunning! I can imagine wearing each piece a million times over and can even picture the compliments. The best thing about the collection, to be honest, would have to be the price tag! The most expensive piece is $35!!! Say WHAT??? Ready, set, CLICK!
Winter Wonderland? January 18, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized While the rest of the world is freezing their behinds off, celebrities get to frolick in Los Angeles looking like this. Like we need another reason to envy celebrities. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , and gc-images.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. im moving to california. i so want to live there. its my dream place to live.
Chic Interview: Late Afternoon May 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Interview We met this fashionista at New York Fashion Week, and have to admit that standing beside her in line was quite astonishing. Liz Cherkasova is a blogger who hails from San Fransisco and also works for Chictopia , the online destination for anything style-worthy. She strikes you as someone who’s face should be on banners everywhere, but her fragile voice is actually soothingly modest. She’s the perfect Chic Interviewee since her blog oozes style and personal tidbits. Take a look at what she had to say to us and then head on over to her blog . Chic Intuition: When we met at NYFW, you blew us away with two things: your height and your style. Now, since height is something not everyone is voluntarily blessed with, how do you advise our readers on developing unique personal style? Liz: I think the most important aspect of developing a personal style is staying true to yourself. There are so many looks, trends and sources of inspiration out there, it’s easy to loose yourself. Know what works for you, body wise and aesthtetic wise. Wear things you love and that make you feel confident. Confidence is style. Chic Intuition: We love your tips for flying in style. How about tips for styling those cool bangs you rock? Liz: Haha, I get this question a lot. I honestly don’t style my bangs besides brushing them. Once in a while, if they get too crazy on me, I’ll run a straighter through them. Chic Intuition: Nutella. We call it the best invention after Internet. Both are harmful if overdosed on, but oh so worth the addiction. If you had to chose one, what would it be? Liz: Food, I love food. All food. Chic Intuition: We love how you’re a style chameleon. One day you can go from rocker chic, and the next you’re rocking pink ruffles and lace. What do you base your looks on? Liz: My looks are based on my moods. Every day I wake up and feel a little different. I pick out pieces that appeal to me and let the looks come together naturally. I never force myself to wear something. It has to “feel” right. Chic Intuition: You openly discuss your mother’s illness on your blog. We can only imagine the out pour of support from your followers. When do you draw the line to featuring personal matters online? Liz: You know, this is a really great question. For a long time I struggled with how personal is too personal. I finally came to the realization that I run a personal style blog. I don’t usually discuss too many personal aspects of my life, but something like my mother’s illness is a huge part of it right now. Not talking about it would be like leaving a big part of myself out of my blog. I know that everyone can relate to having a sick loved one and so I felt like sharing this part of my life would be very relatable to my readers. Chic Intuition: Where are your fave stores to shop both in reality and virtually? Liz: I love h&m, ZARA as well as vintage and thrift stores. I am not a huge online shopper, simply because I really like to try things on, but if I shop online I tend to stick to ModCloth, NeedSupply, tobi.com and Nastygal (mostly because I know these companies well and can guess at the quality and fit of the clothing). I also love browsing etsy and ebay. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: How feminine is too feminine? Liz: Hmm … It all depends on your own personal taste, but for me pink dress with ruffles, bows and lace all together is too much. But you never know, I might wake up tomorrow and be in the mood for looking like a 1980’s prom queen *Images courtesy of popcultureafternoon.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Liz is absolutely one of my top fashion icons – reading her blog is actually what pushed me into a full blown fashion obsession (in a good way!). I love her style, her outfits, her attitude, and the way she lives life. She’s an amazing woman and I admire her fashion sense more than just about anyone else – especially her taste in shoes! My ultimate fave blog out there right now xxxxxxx I love her blog and style. She is such an amazing woman! I’ve already added her blog as a favorite, thanks CI! gorgeous, love her style as well! She’s really great, impeccable style and such a great collection of shoes! 😀 I love how she’s creative and innovative, brave, and isn’t afraid of trying something new! I love her style!! Liz has a great blog! it is nice to see a model in a different light! Can’t wait for her to become huge in the fashion scene!!!
It Bag of the Moment February 10, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic When it’s spotted on the street three times, you know it’s a hit! Love the size and love the piercing detail on the edges. It reminds me of a punk rock chanel… *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
HollywoodIntuition Collection Exclusively at Target July 9, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We just an email alert from the people over at Target about a rad collaboration they’re having. Obviously they’re doing what they do best these days: celebrity style at guilt-free prices! They partnered with Jaye Hersh, known for her high-end Los Angeles trendsetting boutique, Intuition, to launch the latest accessories collaboration, HollywoodIntuition. Hitting stores this Sunday, the collection offers up-to-the-minute celebrity styles at prices that won’t break the bank ($2.99- $29.99). Check out the accessories donned by some of the stars above. Not too shabby! *Images courtesy of target.com and nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No, No, No! September 9, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Ummm… Is that Jessica Simpson’s mom??? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Shibuya Mon Amour for Forever 21 January 23, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Alert Love Lauren Moshi but feel like you can’t afford the price tag? Have we got a solution for you. Shibuya Mon Amour is an exclusive line of T-Shirts for Forever 21 featuring nature-inspired graphics and retail between $12-$18. I am in love with these shirts and the fact that they’re designed by Satine Boutique owner Jeannie Lee makes them even more special! Aren’t you guys loving all these more affordable options we’ve been talking about lately? I think I’m starting to like this ‘Recession Chic’…
Chanel Resort 2011 May 12, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I want EVERY SINGLE THING on here. the very first dress is sooooo gorgeous Rianna xxxxxx GORGEOUS. I want everything! Hook a sister up chic intuition Love em all! Puts me in mind of Sex in the City 2
Calling this bag… March 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks The Be & D Genesis bag in Leopard. On my Spring Wishlist, available in select Bloomingdale’s stores, or in black online . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love.want.musthave.
Chic Alert: FREE INTL SHIPPING January 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Inspired by… May 31, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Yellow! It’s the color that represents friendship, warmth, and anything summer. That’s why we’ve decided to dedicate this post to anything/everything yellow that we heart. Take a look at what’s inspiring us, and tugging at our wallet strings at the moment. Alexander McQueen Lace-embroidered satin dress Jimmy Choo Daphne ponyskin leather clutch Bottega Veneta Dégradé Intrecciato leather wallet Marc Jacobs Printed crepe silk shorts Missoni Camogli knitted bikini *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I just love everything yellow… the wallet is amazing! =)
Fluorescent Lights January 26, 2011 | Tags: Makeup Chic Everything was about bright colors for Jil Sander’s latest runway show. So it’s no surprise that she opted to go for bright lips as her models’ main accessory. If you, too, are looking to brighten up your Spring wardobe, then we totally recommend going the bright route. Only rule? Keep all other makeup minimal. We recommend trying this Yves Saint Laurent ‘Rouge Volupté’ Lipstick in Provocative Pink . Doesn’t hurt that we kinda like the name too…*wink wink* *Image courtesy of vogue.co.uk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love it, it looks like its shouting “spring time” here we comes!! If only i can get it, as easy, here in my city =(
Black Friday Sale #3! November 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Shop ssense.com
Celeb Obsession: JJ Winters Clutches December 3, 2008 | Tags: Chic Obsessions We’re not ones to enforce duplicating any ol’ trend that the sometimes quirky celebs may hang onto, but when we see a trend that deserves recognition you better believe we’ll announce it. The latest ‘It’ clutch by celebrity standards is by far JJ Winters’ designs. With their bright colors, perfect grip size and embossed leather, no outfit can denounce such an exquisite accessory. With prices starting at $175, we suggest you scurry before Christmas shoppers get their hands on them. Get yours here . P.S. If you live in Kuwait, you can get your hands on JJ Winters clutches here . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of seenon.com, techhive.com, hilarynews.com, singer22.com, and jjwinters.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Style Crush of the Moment- Dree Hemingway May 10, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We have been crushing on this girl for quite some time but never realized how much until we saw her in her hot black and ivory dress at the Met Ball. The last name is not just a coincidence. Dree is the great-granddaughter of legendary author Ernest Hemingway. Apparently, he had more to offer than just his writing since Dree is absolutely beautiful! We love her edgy style and the fact that she can rock MANGO and make it look like couture. Can you believe those half leather/half denim pants are by MANGO? Still can’t get over it! *Image courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Poor thing needs to eat something! You could snap one of those legs and pick your teeth with it!
Spikey Headband Chic March 2, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It reminded me of Lady Liberty
Blair’s Yellow and Black Lace Dress October 6, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Lately it’s been very difficult to track down a lot of the Gossip Girl wardrobe. Not because we don’t know who the designers are but because this season, more than ever, most of their stuff is from the past season and is not available for sale anymore. That was until I spotted this gorgeous yellow silk dress on Blair as she played hostess to the Constance annual slumber party. The dress is the epitome of elegance and is oh so Blair! Lucky for us, it is also currently available for sale!!!! Get it here . *Image courtesy of youknowyouloveme.org . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. It is gorgeous!
Note to Self February 3, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: NY Fashion Week September 12, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Ugly Betty Chic? July 23, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Ever wished you had the budget to buy any item of clothing that you loved? Or had the thought that if you wear all designer and expensive clothing then you must look good? Well think again… Ugly Betty has made it very clear that it’s possible to wear Marc Jacobs, Tracy Reese, Alice and Olivia, and even See by Chloe and make them look absolutely hideous. Ever since the first episode aired we have all loved to watch in awe as Betty commits one fashion faux pas after another. Kind of like a train wreck where you don’t want to look but just can’t get yourself to turn away. After deciding to explore the sources of her clothing even further, once again, it became even more clear to me that Betty should be considered a fashion icon. Not in the sense that she is super stylish but because she is living and breathing proof that it’s not what you wear but how you wear it. Can’t wait for some more of her iconic looks in the seasons to come! *Images courtesy of ugly-is-in.com and people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution Inc.
Runway to Realway: Iceberg January 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
The Blazer of all Blazers July 9, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find I’m a blazer babe. What is that? It’s a hot chiquita (me) who’s obsessed with blazers. I wear them all year round (just rotate the fabric; wool or cashmere in winter and cotton or linen in the summers). So you can imagine my reaction once I got a look at this baby. The color, the draping, the pearl embellished shoulders all add up to a truly artistic piece. It’s not cheap, but it’s not expensive either. Take a closer look here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. From one blazer babe to another… holy crap! I’m in love! GREAT! Now I’m obsessed. This is incredible. AAH I LOVE THIS ! i just ordered i ! im a blazer-holic i love love them !
Fall Hair and Makeup Trends August 14, 2008 | Tags: Chic Tips Further proof that the current trend is all about mixing different decades of style… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Naturally styles doe repeat over time. Not just hairstyles but the dressing fads get repeated over time all over the world. What to tell about the hairstyles. Theres a limit to what humans can do with a bunch of filamentous over their heads.
Mary Kate Olsen’s Rings September 2, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Yes, it’s that time once again to take a look ( and kinda drool ) at a close-up of MK. This girl never fails to impress us with her unique collection of designer/vintage jewelry finds. Doesn’t she make you want to put a ring on every finger, even though it would make doing anything physically impossible with your hands? I mean, imagine me trying to type this post with a huge bling bling on every joint. Ya, not nice. But if you’re going to catch a movie with friends, eh, why not? Take a look at our picks for less on how to achieve Mary Kate Olsen’s ring style: Silver and Rhinestone Skull Ring $9 Liz Palacios Crystal Statement Ring $39 Made Her Think Pendulum Ring $66 *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. cool:)never thought that a skull ring would appear so trendy:Pprobbaly its due to the fact that it’s one of the olsens who;s wearing it;) Practice is all that one needs to learn to adjust. So worth it to get to pile on the bling. Love Grace. Love number 3! x, fashion-nerdic.
Weird or Wow? October 17, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We had a mini debate about this bag. Alone it looks a bit too much, but on Kate it looks cool. Then again, everything on Kate looks cool. What do you guys think? Yay or Nay to the Proenza Schouler Columbian Mochilla PS1? *Images courtesy of knighttcat.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intution LLC. YAY x3 Maybe I’m biased, but Jack and Lazaro in my eyes can do NO wrong!!! YAY. For sure. Kate certainly made it cool because her outfit is pretty simple. It stands out for sure! I really like it. http://thechicaddict.blogspot.com NOP, I’d rather buy the regular PS1 leather bag. All bright popping colors look good for editorial pics. Not into Kate anymore. Her style is very common and all of us dress like that in California. Nothing new. wow! BIG YAAAY!
Damsels in Distress February 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The stars are all donning them, so why shouldn’t we? Distressed jeans are so in now, that you can even dress up with them; just throw in a silk blouse and pumps for evening appropriate attire. When we started with this post, we thought we’d scour high and low for the best of the best in distressed denim, only to realize that there’s actually one destination that carries the best: Singer22 of course! So take a look at what they have to offer (with a wide price range starting at $85), and Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love every style of them True Religion Brand Jeans also have some really HOT pair’s of vintage/distressed denim out. They came in straight leg, boot cut and flare. Megan fox, Miley Cyrus Britney are all pictured wearing them. I love my pair!
Ask Chic: Rick Owens for Less October 16, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Elin writes: “Hello Chic Intuition! It was really liberating for me to find your site! How many times has someone desperately googled to find some item seen on Ashley Olsen or Taylor Jacobson without any success? So here I am looking for one specific item… Rick Owens has so many great jackets and one in particular struck my fancy. Please help me find a similar jacket with a more affordable price!!!” Elin! Thanks so much for your amazing compliments! We here at Chic Intuition try our best to be your source for all fashion investigations. Well first I must applaud your choice. The Rick Owens Blister Leather Jacket is absolutely FAB but I agree that the price tag is a bit steep… Well I looked all around and I found this very similar version for $998. I know that it may sound expensive but the original is more than double the price so I figured you may appreciate the savings. Hope this helps! xoxo There’s also a version in black: http://www.metroparkusa.com/fashion/women/metropark/item/8429/Leather-Moto-Jacket/hoodies-and-jackets Free People? Really? That’s impressive! Try Fall Helmut Lang. They are starting to look very Rick Owensey! Also GRAI. The designer used to be Ricks assistant.. The line is almost the same but about 1/2 the price!
Dominitrix vs Demure August 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll
Black Friday Sale #5! November 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Shop the “Sale” at SINGER22.com Holy Black Friday sales! Although this one kinda lost me at Audrina Patridge in a fur eared hat…
Missoni Fall 2009 February 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Love all your posts and the fun graphic design! looooooving this new look!
Brian Reyes Spring 2010 September 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review What we loved most about Brian Reyes’ latest collection was its diversity. By diversity, we mean that the man went from designing lingerie all the way to evening gowns. Beautifully serene and simple, the Spring show made us want to go out and buy a bouquet of hydrangeas and sit and read in the sun. We just mentioned a while back that we can’t wait for winter, but we’re starting to think that Brian made us want Spring more than ever. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. gorgeous!
The ‘It’ Jacket for Fall October 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . *Images courtesy of their respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I wish I wasn’t on a spending ban! Love Grace. That is the most beautiful thing I’ve seen in a long time. Seriously.
Spring 2011 Beauty Trend January 19, 2011 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
The vest… September 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Guessing: Degrade Skinny Jeans July 8, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find We obviously can’t get enough of these guessing games, and we know you guys can’t either. Take a look at our latest finds for these chic degrade jeans ( heart ). Can you guess which pair go for $355 and which are for $63 ?!?! *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. the one on the left is $63 yup! i think i know quality
Politics X Fashion January 21, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of lefashionimage.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Loeffler Randall Discount Code! September 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here .
Mary-Kate Olsen Cheap Chic May 25, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic This girl can never do wrong. She created the school of Bohemian Chic more than 5 years ago, and is still rockin’ the look. We know it’s mostly for going incognito and under the radar, but we love her bowler hat collection as well. The top pick from her look? Hands down her patterned pants. Why not try these African inspired pants for a similar effect? Just remember to keep the rest of your outfit solid. Thank you asos.com for making life that much easier… *Images courtesy of olsensanonymous.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thats ashley!
Chic Review: DVF Pre-Fall 2010 February 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Review Love at first sight. That was the impression I got the moment I laid eyes on Diane von Furstenberg’s latest sprout of fashion geniousness . (That might not be a word, but I’m using it damn it!) Plaid, fur, ribbons and wool were all a part of this collection, a hodge podge of sorts. Her inspiration? A girl who lives in the English countryside and attends its festivals. Rocker meets Country Chic. We’re diggin’ it… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Shopbop: Great Shopping, Great Prices September 4, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized *Image courtesy of shopbop.com . it looks like her leg is broken.histerical OMG I thought her pose was weird too!! Just focus on the great prices 😉
‘The Rachel’ Exclusively at Piperlime April 13, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic She’s known for her hippie style, and you saw her wearing these bellbottoms on her reality show all last season. Well, guess what? Now 7 For All Mankind is re-releasing a few pairs…just for Piperlime ! So, go on, get yours before they’re gone. With Rachel Zoe’s seal of approval, these pants are an absolute must have for summer. Take a cue from the stylist herself and pair them with a cropped blazer or leather jacket for a crisp look. *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love those jeans!! absolutely hideous, i’m sorry Rachel, but I can’t agree with you on this one, I don’t DIE for these!!
20% Off Singer22 Sitewide Sale! November 13, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Chic Alert: Up To 70% Off Singer22! November 10, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of singer22.com
Kirsten Dunst Chic May 4, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We’ve been huge fans of Miss Dunst ever since she was a little girl. Her talent overpasses any actress of her generation in our opinion. But what makes her stand out even more is her personal style. The girl knows how to dress. She has an adrogynous style at times, but also rocks florals and lace like no other. Take a look at some of our fave Kirsten Dunst looks both on and off the red carpet… *Images courtesy of style.com and funkytrend.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Alexander Wang has Leopard Fever Too! September 16, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find We loved the preview of shoes we got to see on the Spring 2010 Wang runway, we couldn’t take our eyes off them! Not aren’t ones to shy away from Alex’s accessories, as you all know ( hey, we even proposed to him ! ), so it’s no shocker that he didn’t fail to amaze us this time. Though his babies won’t be available for sale yet, we were able to satisfy our leopard hunger with a few chic alternatives. Don’t you just loooove the chic rain boots? Which one’s are the rain boots you ask? Umm , number 3. And the fact that it’s hard to recognize that they are made us love them even more. Happy Shopping! Betsey Johnson Women’s Carlos Sandal $199 ALL BLACK Women’s Wild Ankle Boot $96 DKNY Active Women’s Bee Rain Bootie $125 BCBGirls Women’s Wartol2 Peep Toe Bootie $130 *Images courtesy of suprememanagement.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Gorgeous shoes!!! Loveeee it!!! I’ve been struggling to get the perfect leopard booties/shoes. Cos, the non expensive ones, the print is tacky still. The nices ones still so expensive, Giuseppe Zanoti, Louboutin, etc….Ughhhh!!!!
Preen at NET-A-PORTER October 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert One of our fave London designers Preen has decided to sell some pieces exclusively on NET-A-PORTER and let’s just say we are thrilled ! The pieces are girly yet stuctured and come in some very hot bright colors (be prepared to whip out your sunglasses). I’m especially loving the Club Dress and can easily picture it as a conversation piece/party dress for the upcoming holiday season. Just imagine it with gold statement jewelry, strappy sandals, and a sleek side bun………………….PERFECTION!
Chic Reads of the Week December 26, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized Jennifer Connelly is a Black Givenchy Lady (Chic Stories) Exclusive Debut! The Mont Charles De Monaco Collection! (Couture in the City) It’s My Party… (Le Fashion) Book This Look (My Lookbook) Mischa Barton’s Headband Line For Stacey Lapidus (Style Frizz)
Shopbop Sale! July 22, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Click here !
Question August 26, 2008 | Tags: Uncategorized they’d say “get rid of all this BLACK shit!” hehehe!!! thats a funny one! hmmm, mine would say ‘you’ve worn us out’!!!! They would beg me to keep them away from the greedy paws of my sister (you know who you are hehe) as she’s always getting them stained! Dee go pee… They’d say look at me! fabulous
Street Chic Tip of the Day April 12, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
No No No! June 6, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic We love the girls from Rodarte, but this dress combined with a Harry Potter star just spell out NO in all ways, shapes and forms. Blekh! *Image courtesy of justjared.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Put a ring on it. January 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I just came back from a trip to Lebanon and what I noticed there is that donning numerous rings on one hand is so in. I remember being insipired by this one saleslady who was wearing baggy harem pants, a silk blouse, and literally one ring on every finger. Each ring was a piece of art on its own, and her meshing them all together was a masterpiece. So it’s no surprise that when I saw this image of 4th & Bleeker I just had to share. Gotta love a good ring. From top: Allison Schiller Silver Bezeled Geode Ring Lisa Stewart Gunmetal Black Stone Ring Lois Hill Chain Link Ring Set *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Loving this trend! Nice! MK Olsen is not unfamiliar with this trend. How was your trip, by the way?
VMA Hotties September 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Who makes Whitney’s dress? It is extra hot And let’s not forget how Taylor Swift also dazzled us with her pretty Kaufman Franco dress! Any idea how it looks from the back? couldn’t agree with you more whitney’s dress is by christopher kane.. and can anybody tell the brand of leighton meester’s shoes? Umm I feel like Cassie should be removed from the pic. @ribbonyboo Giuseppe’s. Or at least that’s what they say here
Net A Porter Further Reductions December 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert
Bonnaroo Chic June 17, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Thanks to Style.com , we got a roundup of the top fashionistas attending the Bonnaroo music festival. Partiers dressed up the usual festival standards, mud-friendly boots & cutoff jeans, but with of-the-moment pieces like maxi skirts, graphic tees, and statement eyewear. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Can’t Wait! October 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Brilliant.
Teen Choice Style Winners August 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks Gossip Girls- All I can say is WOW! Lauren Conrad- Why does she design the nice dresses for herself and then give us this ? *I mages courtesy of justjared.com and popsugar.com . Graphics courtsey of Chic Intuition Inc. totally agree with your picks! Love Blake’s purple dress. and yes I hear ya about Lauren’s collection? WTF? she just saves the cuteness to wear herself! I think Jessica Szor was the best dressed of the bunch. Her outfit was so appropriate and fun!
Jimmy Choo for H&M June 17, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ummm… Best collaboration EVER! That’s all I’ve been thinking all day ever since I heard about the upcoming Jimmy Choo for H&M collection. Seriously though, can it get any better? I don’t think so! The collection will be in stores November 14, 2009 and will include shoes and bags from the famed designer house. The upside? They will be designing clothing to complement their bags and shoes and not the other way around. For someone who is a self-proclaimed shoe-whore, that sounds like the perfect formula! Can’t wait! Can’t wait! Did I mention that I can’t wait??? *Images courtesy of hm.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i cant wait love the feature, check out my post on Jimmy Choo for H&M on my blog too!
Listen Up Twitteristas! April 22, 2009 | Tags: Uncategorized http://twitter.com/chicintuition
Shopbop Sale Alert! March 3, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy of shopbop.com
Glossy Magazine November 11, 2009 | Tags: Chic Obsessions If you haven’t heard of Glossy Magazine yet, consider yourself lucky that you’re reading this right now. Hailing from the UK, this new publication is fashion forward and unbelievably entertaining! The 4th issue, especially, is pretty awesome. Not only have they managed to score an interview with Jane from Sea of Shoes, the Sartorialist, and Alexandra Spencer of 4th and Bleeker; but they also managed to score an illustration special from our friend Danny Roberts! Glossy is obviously a publication with a fresh take on fashion and strongly recognizes the driving force fashion bloggers have behind the industry today. We highly recommend that you check out their newest issue here . Also, stay tuned for a really exciting collaboration between Glossy and Chic Intuition coming soon! Wonderful layout and content! Excited to hear more!
Everything 40% Off!! September 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert
PS 11 January 4, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks If you couldn’t get your hands on the Proenza Schouler PS1, then here’s your second chance. It’s smaller, it’s convertable (wear it 3 ways), and it’s Kate approved. Check it out here . *Image courtesy of knighttcat.blogspot.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Really love that jumper, but it looks very itchy! Lovely…
Louboutin Circus Love September 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here .
SAG Awards Sinners January 26, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic America Ferrerra- After three years, it’s hard to distinguish your character’s style from your own I guess. Laura Dern- Some frizz ease serum would have really helped right about now. Marcia Cross- She must have kept this dress in a bat cave before wearing it tonight. Eva Longoria- A peach cupcake dress= A sweet mess! Teri Hatcher- I think she wanted to keep some kleenex handy just in case they won for Best Ensemble. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I think you guys are wrong about Teri Hatcher..i looooooved her dress! I think you guys got a long wrong.I really disagree with some of them. I think you’re best dressed ladies look boooorrriiinnnggg. sorry. *lot not long Something is just not right with these dresses, too much going on and not in a good way. =/
ASOS Pleated Sleeveless Maxi Dress January 15, 2011 | Tags: Chic Find Wear it alone or top it off with a blazer. This dress is so good , we’re thinking of ordering it and hiding it away till the first sight of Spring leaves. Can you imagine pairing it with flat gladiators? Sweet. *Graphics courtesy of Chic Inuition LLC.
Street Chic + Fall Trends October 14, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic What better way to summarize fall trends than through a group of stylish chicas out on the town? *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Celebrities Stun in Marchesa! September 17, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic One show that we are truly sad we missed out on this season is definitely the Marchesa show! Not only are we huge fans of the brand’s design aesthetic, but we are also fans of the celebrity crowd that gravitates towards Marchesa. Check out what the uber stylish ladies wore below at the Marchesa show. I am especially loving Alexa Chung’s ethnic inspired look… *Images courtesy of Marchesa. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE Blake Lively’s look!!! always with the boobs though…
The Row Online August 11, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert We can’t believe this piece of news slipped our minds: Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s greatly successful clothing label now has an e-commerce website. This truly interactive site allows you to check out every angle of the item you’re interested in before purchasing. For a limited time only (till Aug 20th) you can get 15% off everything with code SHOPTHEROW . If interested, check it out here . *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Alert: Shopbop Autumn Sale! October 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert *Image courtesy shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rihanna Hooded Vest Chic September 18, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get it here . *Images courtesy of justjared.com and shopbop.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Take Your Pick October 7, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Check out Elle Magazine ’s five cover stars for their November 2009 issue. The lovely Emily Blunt, Renee Zellweger , Zoe Saldana, Julianne Moore, and Katie Holmes are all working their magic for the “Women in Hollywood” issue. Love the fact that there’s so many to pick from! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I take Zoe. She’s really the only one worth my couple bucks out of all the issue. Yess Zoe!!!! But I love Emily too… and Julianne for that matter. Emily Blunt.I also love Juilanne.
BR Bling: Cha Cha Cha Chains! October 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Available at Banana Republic .
Thriller vs Philip Lim Red Leather Jacket October 16, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks We couldn’t help but wonder if our beloved Mr Lim was inspired by the mega singer’s look for a couple of pieces in his Spring 08 collection. We’re loving the side zippers on the bottom of his leather jacket, so hot! And don’t even get us started on the clutch. Red is the perfect color to accent an all black outfit with. You can get the jacket here (bonus: it’s on sale!). *Images courtesy of style.com, elle.com, concreteloop.com and gaurdian.co.uk. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Key(s) To My Heart August 24, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Lost your keys? Don’t fret. You’ll probably be able to luck out with one of the ones on your necklace … *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. MUST HAVE IT!!!! GORGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Chic Guessing December 22, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Answers here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Jessica Simpson Yeah, it’s totally Jessica Simpson! j simps all the wayyyyyyy
Rouge Handbags December 29, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks The other day, Chic Critic and I were discussing our latest outfit choices, and our sudden urge to move on to the ‘dark side’. It feels like all we wear these days is black or gray. Now, don’t get us wrong, black is always back, but in order to add some pizazz ( yes I used the word pizazz, and no I’m not auditioning for a Broadway musical ) we suggested adding a bright colored handbag to our outfits. I had some flashbacks of Amanda Bynes in her red Balenciaga, and knew I had to get me one. After my purchase , I noticed that all my looks suddenly gained 10 stylish points with the addition of my bright bag. So for those of you out there who’re into the black on black, take a look at some of our choices for chic handbags: Foley + Corinna Mid City Tote in Cherry $444 West/Feren Berkshire Bag $175 Foley + Corinna Jet Setter Jr. Bag in Cherry $528 Vansessa Bruno Small Pocket Bag $647.50 Jerome Dreyfuss Antoine Bag $404 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I love de 2nd bag, little bags are so in right now, and that one is adorable! BJS *keep it stylish*
Rihanna Chic August 14, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love her style. You guys obviously know that by now. But what we love more is when she’s seen wearing something pretty affordable, like this Parker Floral Cami Dress. Here’s to flower power Rihanna! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and shopbop.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love the way rihanna makes cheap look chic! Cheap does not mean trashy.. it can be cool and chic too!
No, No, No! November 14, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic We really thought that we couldn’t meet a leopard that we didn’t love. Well, ladies and gentleman, we finally met a leopard item that we absolutely H.A.T.E. Wanna make leopard look bad? Light it on fire! That’s what Jimmy Choo decided to do with this ridiculous Soraya Printed Cashmere Scarf . I hope PETA doesn’t get news of this or they are gonna be pissed. And the spell has been broken… That is horrendous. Why do they hate eyes? thats TERRIBLE! i kind of like it….. :/
Chickdowntown Colors the…well Town! May 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We love summer because the splash of colors almost guarantee a delightful demeanor, or a temporary shock upon glance. Take a look at our fave colorful picks from one of the hottest online shopping destinations, and click on the link below: FREE Shipping on Orders $150+ @ chickdowntown.com! The blue floral dress is adorable! Great picks! They’re all lovely. But I heard that site has HORRIBLE customer service. Thanks girls! xoxo Ally, what have you heard? We’ll try contacting them about it I was over on the Purse Forum and they had a thread about it. Then I googled chickdowntown complaints and there were horror stories about things being backordered, no one answering phones, and having to wait weeks to get refunds back on credit cards. Some people said they were fine, but there were enough complaints to stop me from ordering from them.
Falling for Fashion June 25, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Not Chic And that is why you do not wear 12″ heels to the airport. Case closed. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Aww poor Gaga! The best part is the woman’s reaction in the back on the 3rd photo haha
Summer Sale Sensation July 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert I know this must feel like the gazillionth time we’ve mentioned this, but they keep slashing their prices and adding new items! You’ve gotta check out shopbop.com ‘s sale…
We Be Tweetin’ April 9, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic
Runway to Realway: Stella McCartney Fall 09 April 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Sorry for using the same Alexander McQueen dress two days in a row, but when I saw it I instantly thought of this Stella McCartney look from her Fall 09 collection. We here at Chic Intuition try not to wait for the fall looks to come around. Especially if we’re lusting for them! Instead, we try and recreate the looks from pieces currently available. If you feel the same, check out our attempt below! Note: If you want some great spring Stella McCartney pieces, check out these shoes I’m selling on Ebay.
Fringe Benefits July 30, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Please tell us if we’ve gone too crazy for comfort with fringe! Honestly this trend is popping up everywhere and we can’t seem to get enough of it ourselves. So every chance we spot something freaky and fringy we have to inform you guys. Today I received a little gift in my inbox with a tiny thumbnail of this bag, and had to click away. It has two things I’m loving 1) you know what I’m going to say and 2) a pop of color. I love how they took the trend to the next level by adding an unexpected twist of tint. The usual hue suspects of fringe are black, brown and tan, so seeing something unique is great! Get yours here . *Image courtesy of ninewest.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Rihanna Chic April 15, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic All drama (and frizzy hair) aside, we l.o.v.e how RiRi looks here. J’adore the bleached/ripped gray jeans, and the turquoise blazer vest is divine. Don’t even get us started on her fringed Louboutins. Sigh . To live the life of an unlimited credit card accessibility celeb. To get her look try her exact pair of jeans and this vest (which is on 20% off sale just today with code APRIL15TH ). She might not know how to pick boyfriends, but girl has no problemo picking out rad outfits! *Images courtesy of singer22.com and shopjake.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. what kind of bag is that?!?! Yea I Like That Bag 2 It’s Gucci It’s a backpack which has detachable straps.
The Bandleader Craze July 21, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic It seems that designers, celebrities, and stylists alike are all addicted to the military/bandleader look. The most common style of all is this Sgt. Pepper inspired navy and gold combo. I even saw DJ Tanner wearing a similar piece on one of the way old Full House reruns! Since this trend is probably a seasonal quick flash kinda thing, I would highly recommend you don’t invest and go for a cheap option instead. That’s why when we found this BB Dakota Battalion Jacket, we felt it was a perfect fit! Affordable? Check! Hot? Check! Buy it here . P.S. Use code JULY25 at checkout for 25% off on everything! *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Celeb Chic: Beyonce November 19, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic OMG! Miss B sure looks hot with her black turtleneck dress and huge earrings! I really love her looks lately and think that she’s looking quite fantastic while promoting her new album. If only everyone had the life of Beyonce. Beautiful, married, stylish, and famous…… Well at least we can all get the stylish part down right?
Olivia Palermo Chic December 27, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Being the new spokesperson for MANGO is a hard job to do but someone has got to do it! Enter Olivia Palermo, one of our personal faves. As part of the duties, Olivia gets to don MANGO clothing and we gotta say that she sure makes them look good. Love this outfit especially! So much so that I , of course, just had to go on the hunt for similar pieces of my own. Check ’em out! 1. ASOS Pussybow Blouse 2. ASOS Leather Skinny Belt 3. ASOS Tab Detail Satchel 4. ASOS Tailored Flannel Wide Leg Trouser *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. LOVE her style! hello انا كتيررررررررر بحب مدونتكم و كمان المواضيع الي بتننزلوا بس بتمنى عليكم لو تنزلوا مقالاتباللغة العربية و تحطوا أسعار المنتجات بالدينار الكويتي و بتمنى كمان لو تنزلوا مواضيع عن الملابس الكلاسيكية و الرسمية “الدارجة و الضاربة” بالكويت و شكرا كتيرررررر الكم … 😉 thank u
Vivienne Westwood Suede Pirate Boots November 30, 2011 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks We’ve been spotting these boots around for a while now, and honestly thought the slouchy design belonged to Isabel Marant. Little did we know that these suede pirate boots are by the one and only Vivienne Westwood. We love the leather straps and the fact that you can either wear them up or roll them down based on outfit and mood. Unfortunately the tan color is sold out everywhere, but we were able to find the version in black and white online. *Images courtesy of whowhatwear.com/blog . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Thy’ve been around for a while and I still adore them… I saw them at Liberty London and I was literally droooooooling. I remember Sienna was amongst the first to wear them…
Olsens on Oprah October 25, 2008 | Tags: Chic Review Did anyone catch the Olsen twins on Oprah? The episode featured a segment about their fashion lines and the process they go through from start to end with every item. Edit: Here’s a clip from the episode featuring the world’s most famous twin moguls. thanks for putting this up. its really interesting to see
Chic Inspiration: Leighton Meester on TeenVOGUE December 21, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Picks Clockwise from top left: *Images courtesy of teenvogue.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Brights, camera, action! July 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Net-A-Porter Sale!!!! November 25, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert
Fall 09 Nailpolish Trend July 30, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Images courtesy of marieclaire.com , adiscountbeauty.com and gossipgirlz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Matte polishes would look awesome for Fall. I can’t wait!!
Style Crush: Yasmin Sewell March 18, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic We have previously professed our love to her and we are willing to do it again! Our style crush of the moment is Yasmin Sewell, Chief Creative Consultant for Liberty of London. We really love her effortless chic laid back style and that hair ! So much so that we still can’t help but be enamored by her. Check out her style below and prepare to fall in love, if you already haven’t… *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Stunning Style!!
Just saying… December 27, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. OOH OOOH OOH OOHHHHHHHH!!!! droooooooooooooooooooooooool love love love and vanessa’s looking hot hot hot can’t wait for jan 5 episode I know huh? seems like 2 weeks between episodes is toooooo long a wait!
Street Chic: Flannel October 12, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic Like it or not, you have to admit that these ladies have managed to make flannel look chic. Whether hinting at it with a scarf, or going all out with apparel, this trend is something we actually like that alludes to the messy 90s. Our personal choice? Pairing a flannel shirt with a motorcycle jacket and some rad booties. Perfection. *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Come find your way to me… April 25, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Break it Down June 7, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. very nice! Particularly the nude shoes and the opening ceremony shortsies. Ain’t nothin like a good nude shoe. ispeakmojito.blogspot.com
Velvetine July 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find To be honest I’ve never heard of this brand before, but based on the shoulder bag I spotted here , I’m really digging the details of their designs. The folds, pleats, chain, long shoulder strap and color of the bag scream “ buy me or you will die of regret! “, but since the size, cut and color are similar to a Miu Miu I recently purchased I’m going to have to pass on this one. Do you ever find yourself falling in love with a bag, only to let it go because you already own a similar one? When do you draw the line of multiple handbag purchases? *Images courtesy of satineboutique.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. mmmm that bag is really lovely I recently came across the most ideal bag ever and bought it…it’s so perfect for me that I feel like I’ll never buy or carry another bag again! You can find is at Blue Bag in NYC, they were the ones that brought the line to the US when the designer launched the collection
You know… April 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Real Life Chic You know she’s your friend when you email her (actually threaten her) to buy you something online because you don’t have the store where you live and she obeys. My email actually started out with: BUY THIS FOR ME OR YOU WILL DIE . And she did. *Image courtesy of whowhatwear.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. that’s cute… and the best is so balmain… great find. i always wonder who is the one posting lol… i never know which chic girl posts what 😛 can you email me the link to this? I saw that post too but can’t find it! LOL! Your welcome I was too scared to find out the consequence of not buying it for you! Christine- I went and bought it from my local target. Didn’t find it online I LOVE IT! So hot and the price is amazing too! I want this vest so badly! omg i meant to write vest instead of best… Hey everyone! My target store had a couple of the vests left so i’m selling them on ebay if you’re interested! just search for “Target Go International Vest” Could you possibly email me the sku# so I can call around and try to locate this item? I tried 2 targets in my area and can’t find it. The girl selling it on ebay has it in L and XL. I need a S. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks! hi Christine, I actually have XS and S too but I haven’t put them on ebay yet b/c I’m not sure which one will fit me best. (My boyfriend is bringing them to me at the end of the week). So either XS or X will be up on Ebay next Friday. I’m not sure where the SKU number is but the item number on the reciept is 251060763. Hope that helps!
20% Off Jewelry! October 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Who can say no to discounted baubles? I sure can’t. So we’d recommend taking advantage of Max & Chloe’s fab deal, and checking out their site . We can ensure some major bling-tastic finds. Happy Shopping ( and saving )! *Image courtesy of maxandchloe.com .
Whitney Port Loves Her… April 2, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic She carries it to a casual outing to the zoo, when she’s dressed to a Tee, or if she’s whizzing past airport security. So many uses for such a simple bag, no? We think it’s perfectly distressed supple leather and bigger than life studs that make this one a keeper. Check it out here . *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Cute bag! http://voguishblog.blogspot.com/ x
Color Block Sensation May 7, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks There’s nothing that says summer like a hot color block shoe. Why you may ask? Because, by purchasing a color block piece you have a higher chance of matching more outfits to one shoe. Smart huh? Check out my faves from asos.com ! Clockwise from top left:
Happy 10th Net-a-Porter! July 10, 2010 | Tags: Real Life Chic This week marks NET-A-PORTER.COM’s 10th Anniversary and we wanted to take the time to wish them a very happy 10th. Do you remember the first item you ordered from Net? How about your latest purchase? With us, every item always has a special story attached to it. Whether it be the Rick Owens coat I bought for my first Fashion Week, or Chic Critic’s YSL ring that she’s since never been seen without, every item on this website is special. Take a look at some photographs from the anniversary party held on Wednesday, including images of key NET-A-PORTER.COM designers such as Victoria Beckham, Christopher Bailey and Roland Mouret… *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Lauren Conrad to Design for Kohls April 23, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert We’re guessing the semi-failure of her overly priced line was a gift in disguise, since LC has been invited by Kohls to design for the mass marketer, following in the steps of Vera Wang. The LC Lauren Conrad for Kohl’s collection will be priced from $20 to $60, the line will be exclusive to Kohl’s and will have wardrobe basics like jeans and knits. Look out for the collection in Kohl’s stores and Kohls.com in October . Check out the vid of LC ‘shopping’ there: Is there supposed to be no sound, or is something wrong with my computer? Haha, ya their video is weird. There’s only sound when LC talks. Sorry I shouldv’e mentioned that in the post. They just have bad editing..don’t worry your comp’s fine.
Runway to Realway- Bring on the Bows! March 1, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Remember back in November when we identified bows as the hottest spring accessory ? Well spring is almost here and it’s about time you bank on this trend. Unlike the oversized floppy bows seen on the Marc by Marc Jacobs spring runway, I was able to find a slightly tamer version with this Eugenia Kim Serena Bow Headband . It adds the perfect amount of drama without being waaaay over the top. Try it with a white blouse, some black tailored shorts, and a pair of bright wedges for a very Blair a la Gossip Girl look! *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I prefer the Black understated bow.
House of Harlow Jewelry New Additions! November 25, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic After a peek at the new House of Harlow Jewerly pieces, we must say Nicole has really outdone herself! The new pieces in the collection are creative and look super expensive considering their price. Personally, I would buy and don all these pieces but if I had to choose I would say that I’m really looking forward to getting the peacock ring and the armor cuff. All these pieces are available for pre-order at singer22.com . Get ’em quick because these babies are expected to ship December 10th which means they may even work as xmas gifts!!! *Image courtesy of nicolerichie.celebuzz.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’m in love with the peacock cuff! Best Collection out of House of Harlow yet!
Spring Trend: Statement Necklaces February 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Tips *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ooooh SnaP! October 8, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Actually, this isn’t just a ‘snap’ moment. I think it calls for a ‘Snippity SnaPP’! Check out these studded moccasins! Ever since spotting an image of them on The Fashion Spot, and then another image of the goddess of all things hot, MK Olsen, wearing them, I went on a wild goose chase. At first, no one had a clue who they were by, others stated you could find them in “some small shop in Soho”. Well ladies, they’re here online . We love you Oak! P.S. If you think the $200 is a bit steep, then they make for an easy DIY Project. *Images courtesy of thefashionspot.com , x17online.com , and oaknyc.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I’m not at ease with these flat cuties… For some dumb retro reason I still say to myself legs look gorgeous with some high heel…
Jumpsuits @ Bloomies May 12, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks One of our faves, Bloomingdales.com has gone jumptastic options for you guys ( like how we did that? ). Short, long, solid or patterned jumpsuits are where it’s at this summer. We’ve taken the liberty of selecting quite an eclectic bunch to choose from. Wear them over a swimsuit for some coverage, or pair them with a fitted blazer for an outing with the girls. They’re so stylish, heck we’d even wear the right one to a wedding! Check out all the jumpsuits they have to offer here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love jumpsuits!! Thanks for drawing my attention to these babies
Slave to Sleeves July 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks , Real Life Chic Remember the post that Chic Critic recently did on quirky sleeves? Well I have the honor of saying that one of my online purchases was what actually inspired her to write about exaggerated sleeves. So ladies, would you like to take a look at the top that was behind it all? Voila! And my personal inspiration behind the purchase? A lovely Danish blogger over at Anywho . Planning on pairing it with some high rise jeans and killer bracelets. You like? Get it here . *Images courtesy of asos.com and anywho.cover.dk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. it looks exactly like a top i got from Malene Birger for double the price hehe LOVE! I have a lesser version from Urban a few years ago… great style!
Blair Waldorf’s Cardigan May 19, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic Another season of amazing Gossip Girl fashion has passed us by and it’s only fair that we acknowledge it with one last post. This time it was Blair’s amazing cardigan that kept me staring! I know, we’ve seen a million similar pieces and it’s just another cardi, but I still can’t help but love it. It’s just so ‘girly’ chic! And after seeing it in real life I can imagine myself wearing it all summer long. If you also loved it, I’m glad to announce that you can get the purple version here . Bonus? It’s on sale! Don’t you love us just a little more??? xoxo Chic Critic *Images courtesy of cwtv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: LeeseLooks October 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Interview It takes a lot of guts to change majors in your last year , and pursue a degree in something you’re more passionate about. But that’s what our next Chic Interviewee, Lisa Holowaychuk, did. After realizing that her heart lied with fashion, she dumped her Social Work degree and headed towards Consumer Science with Specialization in Clothing Management. Not only does this Canadian beauty, who calls South Africa her home, have a lot to offer but her blog boasts a stylish sensibility like no other. Take a look at what she had to say: Chic Intuition: Why did you decide to start a blog? Lisa: Passion. Inspiration. Love. After months of toying with the idea and building up a ridiculous amount of blogs on my favorites tab, I knew my passions could not stay caged much longer… I witnessed such a brilliant community of bloggers and felt their energy and passions through the screen. I guess you could say it was contagious. Chic Intuition: If you were given the role of creating ‘Lisa’s Fashion Timeline’, how would you categorize each era? Lisa: Oh dear. If only I could attach pictures to these eras. You guys would have such a great laugh. Here is my wonderful journey through my ever-evolving style. Chic Intuition: On average, how long does is take you to put an outfit together? Lisa: I have to admit I do not really give it too much thought, so on average I would say about five minutes. Number one- weather, number 2- mood, number 3-occasion and number 4- inspiration (I have a cork board which houses my current clippings). So with that set, I simply pull out couple pieces and start from there. But on lazy days, it’s worn in boyfriend’s jeans and a plaid, 10 seconds flat! Chic Intuition: If you had to categorize your style, what would you call it? Lisa: Simplicity coupled with a lot of masculine influence (leather, baggy denims, button downs) and the forever feminine touch, which every female around the world interprets and expresses in their own unique way. Chic Intuition: One accessory you can’t live without. Lisa: Hands down a bag. It can be anything really: a clutch, shopper, satchel, messenger, briefcase… I love them all. Let’s admit it; we stash our life into these babies, so without them we would be lost. Chic Intuition: Does the outfit make the person, or the person makes the outfit? Lisa: Without a doubt the person makes the outfit. I know this has been said a gazillion times, but style genuinely comes from the inside. It does not matter if you’re wearing Gucci or Gap; if you don’t feel secure in who you are from within, you will never truly feel complete. Chic Intuition: And finally, philosophical question time: How dark is too dark? Lisa: If it is too dark to see a smile, then it is too dark. *Images courtesy of lesselooks.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. eh…no i would go back for that social work degree…lol i love her style!! i love how all she wears is black, but her looks are different each time 😀 lisa is defintely a fun person! i enjoyed reading this interview! “If it is too dark to see a smile, then it is too dark.” hahaha SMART ANSWER! concerning lisa’s style: spectacular, smart, sharp, simple, sophisticated… this girl is beyond great when it comes to style choices, and obviously (reading this interview) beyond great as a person as well!xoxo She is amazing, and so sweet. Great interview! Lisa is probably one of the nicest bloggers out there! How fun! She’s such a doll!
Gilt Groupe Sales of the Day July 14, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Ok here are the latest sales of the day ( available RIGHT NOW ). We are personally waiting for the Marc Jacobs handbag collection… drool . Who can resist the prices of Gilt? Honestly there’s no other website online that provides as good service and competitive prices. So, get on your marks, get set, buy!!! If you don’t already have an account with Gilt Groupe (which is an invite only site), then head on over to this personal invitation link. Good Luck! *Images courtesy of giltgroupe.com .
Chic Guessing July 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Poll Ok so I tried this on Chic Critic and she was floored when I told her who the actual designer was… Can you guess the dress? Answer given tomorrow! *Image courtesy of fabsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. vivienne westwood? H&M? I don’t know who the designer is but i know its H&M! h&m i know this one! H&M?! h&m autumn/winter collection […] And the answer to yesterday’s poll: […]
Best Isabel Marant Knockoffs EVER! October 12, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Get it here . Jeffrey Campbell makes these knocks off as well! Love them! I believe I even saw the knockoffs in Zara.
The search for the perfect… July 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks See by Chloe Biker Jacket Vince 3/4 Sleeve Leather Jacket Mike and Chris Donovan Leather Jacket Yaya Aflalo Vapor Jacket Mike and Chris Maxwell Leather Jacket *Images courtesy of their respective links and ronherman.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Copycat? March 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Poll As I walked through Bloomingdales one day, this Lela Rose dress caught my eye because it really reminded me of the H&M dress Michelle Obama wore awhile back. This made me think of a major question, is it possible that Lela Rose was inspired by H&M? And if so, do you guys think that it’s ok to be inspired by a $50 dress and revamp it into a $995 dress? I think not! I’ve only heard of mainstream designers taking high end label pieces and making them cheaper but in my opinion the opposite is not ok! Now, tell me, is it just me or do these two dresses look very similar??? How do you feel about knock-ups? *Image courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. noo, they don’t really look that similar; its just the use of stripes… designers are inspired by the streets and everyday people. But i would rather buy the $50 dress. Cotton is cotton. What makes you so sure Lela Rose was inspired by H&M and not the other way round? Because usually it’s designer vs. high street. The dresses definitely look similar, but I wouldn’t call one or the other a knockoff. You just can’t always design something totally new that’s never been there. Wow they really do look similar! I definitely agree that knock-UPS are not OK
Michelle Obama Fashion November 4, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic With today being such a crucial day for all of us, we decided to give you a fashion collage of (hopefully- positive thinking people!) our future first lady Michelle Obama. Everybody please remember to VOTE today if you can! *Images courtesy of viciousddglide.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Michelle looks real nice she is lovely.
Which is your fave? December 4, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find All of the designer hotshots dream of dressing the future First Lady at the Inaugural Ball come January, but we know it will come down to one lucky person. The cream of the fashion crop have submitted over 35 sketches to WWD , and we numbered them down to an eclectic 6. You be the judge, but unfortunately your vote won’t count this time… *Images courtesy of wwd.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. marc jacobs!….or Zac….but yeah. Marc Definitely the Marc Jacobs dress. You really can’t go wrong with Marc. the oscar de la renta one with her daughters is so cute! i loved the Marc Jacobs and the not posted Monique Lhuillier and the obama girls in rodarte. The DVF is cute but not for a ball; but it would look good for a day event. Lacroix!!! De La Renta all the way, very …Betsy Johnson is a joke. im loving the oscar de la renta! Oscar de la renta and Marc jacobs!!! oscar de la renta hands down…
Olivia Palermo’s New Jewelry Line March 24, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Alert We’ve admired Olivia Palermo’s style for years now ever since we first spotted her on The City. Now in addition to being a reality star, the accessories loving diva has turned jewelry designer. A pioneer of sorts of the concept that a piece of jewerly makes or breaks an outfit, it’s only natural that she’s focusing on making statement necklaces. Her lovely collaboration is with jewelry designer Roberta Freymann and is now available at Roberta Freymann boutiques and select retailers. Pricing is from $175 to $300 and the pieces are inspired by the ladies’ favorite cities, including fashion capitals New York and Paris. Hmmm… now I wonder if her necklace from the Tibi show was one of her designs… *Images courtesy of people.com and refinery29.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. In the second picture her necklace seems to be inspired in an ancient Inca culture. These are such wonderful pieces of art. Thank you for sharing. 😀 It looks like a kid went wild with a glue gun. They are unoriginal and uninspired and quite frankly just hideous. uhhhhh, unispired, to an actual artist, DOES NOT EXIST WITHIN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. if you are judging a young artist’s work, based on your bullcrap excuse for not creating-OR because you can make fun of something as defenseless as a glue gun….saaaaaad.weight probs? craft addict? who knows what that persons life is like outside of a computer screen. i hope that person gets better. OLIVIA: I am ecstatic that a fellow artist- (while i do have an installation sculpture degree-i am a free-lance stylist with MANY clients 30 and under…and am STOKED to attempt stitching and beading compositions for neck adornment.hell, if my grandmother pulled one of your pieces out of her jewelry box, would be the ONLY way your work and ingenuity would be surpassed, simply because of the value of passing time-as it is relative to jewelry. (however you have captured the photographic moment of ‘vintage appeal’. Ya got style, girl, dont listen to people who have absolutely no relevance to your life, or life of thier own??? i dunno…. thanks for the awesome ideas!!!!!!! Yuck, these necklaces are wearing her:)
I think I might be in love… December 12, 2012 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here (on sale!!!) *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
MTV Movie Awards Hotties June 1, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Wow, I am loving Leighton Meester’s outfit. These ladies look amazing. I am in love with Leighton Meester’s outfit!! Can you give details about what each one is wearing? Dee- Ashley Tisdale is wearing an Elise Overland dress.
The Tawny One July 24, 2010 | Tags: Makeup Chic Wanna achieve a bronzed glow like Ashley Greene? We’ve got the perfect deal to get you all the products for her look, and for under $60! Oh, and all of the products are from M·A·C . Yep, we’re surprised too. This stylish box set features a face chart and the key products needed to create the look of the Tawny One : Refined Golden Bronzing Powder, Coppertone Powder Blush, By Jupiter Mineralize Eyeshadow, Love Nectar Lipglass and Zoom Fast Black Lash. Exclusively at Nordstrom . Love this, and definitely ordering it for ourselves. *Images courtesy of harpersbazaar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Meow! August 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks Clockwise from bottom right: hi there, i have some maxi dress and mini dress … come and check it out 😉
Erin Fetherston Premieres New Film “Birds of a Fether” August 18, 2009 | Tags: Chic Review Erin Fetherston premiered her third short film titled “Birds of a Fether” on Style.com yesterday. The film looks really beautiful. Directed by Marisa Crawford, the film features Erin’s Fall/Winter 2009 collection and features cameo’s from some of Erin’s favorite models and muses. Take a look: For the first time, Erin Fetherston is partnering with online retailer Shopbop for hosting the collection as seen in “Birds of a Fether” for purchase and will be running a special promotion to enter to win an all-expenses paid trip to New York City and tickets to the Erin Fetherston Spring 2010 show during this September’s Fashion Week! Click here to enter.
Sister Act July 9, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Honestly, how good of genes did their parents have?! Take a look at our current celeb obsession, Isabel Lucas, and her older sister Nina. They’re at the Chanel Haute Couture fashion show, as part of the Paris Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2009-10 at Grand Palais in Paris, France. The makeup, hair, and of course clothes are to die for . Bravo ladies, bravo. *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. honestly, i find isabel ugly :r OMG thank you E! I thought I was the only one. Well not ugly, but I just don’t get the hype.
Intellectually Badass January 27, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s been a while since we’ve done a pure outfit post for our and your own pleasure. Honestly the whole idea started once I saw these jeans at Karmaloop . I love how they are symmetrically ripped at the knees, something we rarely see on deconstructed torn denim. Instead of opting to go with a whole Rocker Chic vibe, I decided to play things up and add an unconventional twist to the outfit. The boho shirt in my opinion is the perfect contrast to the pants, and the glasses are so stylish yet so nerdy. Just add a pair of hot booties and you’re ready to go…anywhere! We love . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Teen Choice Hotties August 10, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Totally disagree except for Emma Roberts. She was the best dressed there! Jordana Brewsters dress seems a little long to me. And Kristen Stewart looks a hot mess! She should have come up with a better solution than the white tank under that dress. And come on Vanessa Hudgens always looks the same, the hair, the short mini. So predictable! I personally loved Leighton Meester’s look for the event. But I agree, these ladies were dressed great! agree except for Kristen Stewart. She always looks awkward, unhappy and isn’t deserving of this outfit. i think its more than just the clothes, its the attitude and hers just isn’t one of ‘celebrity.’ I adore Vanessa Hudgens Style!! Giovanna http://www.bohomarket.blogspot.com
We’ve been wanting to say this for SO long… November 30, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. where’s britneys top come from i love it YAY for Britney!!!! So glad she’s back on her game. So glad. Love Britney!
First Look: Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week at Lincoln Center April 29, 2010 | Tags: Uncategorized Like most of you know, the Fall 2010 collections were the last shows to take place at Bryant Park. After years of being the place to show at, IMG have decided to move north of Manhattan to Damrosch Park. The move to Lincoln Center has allowed IMG Fashion to unveil event upgrades such as modernized production capabilities for designers, digital services concurrent with the advanced needs of the 21st Century, better accessibility for attendees through both public and private transportation and great resources/facilities on-site and in the surrounding areas. We can’t wait to attend the first shows in September at the new venue. New beginnings, new adventures, new fashion!
Ask Chic: Vanessa Hudgens’ Boots December 20, 2008 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Christina asks: “I’ve been dying to find out what brand Vanessa Hudgens brown suede boots are. She has been recently been spotted wearing them out with Zac Efron and walking down the street. Please help me I want them!” Honestly Christina, the first thing we did after reading your email was go to Steve Madden’s website. Based on our history with Vanessa’s shoe choices, we knew she was a fan of the affordable, comfy line. So we weren’t shocked to find an eerily similar pair, called the Bonanza . Happy shopping! *Images courtesy of justjared.com and stevemadden.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. What about that bag? It’s killer I know huh? It’s balenciaga oi, is that the one that’s 1500.00 Ya. I think it’s the Giant City. It’s around $1700. its an easy question the shoes – Joie Suede Slouch Boots in Mushroom, they cost about $475.00. and just for the fun, she wears Wildfox Light Feather Black and Tan Raglan T-Shirt. Thanks so much chic! I am so excited to buy them! i have the same boots like vanessas boots but not like the twin boots
All Star Light Skimmer August 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find I was skimming through this month’s Glamour magazine when a certain advertisement caught my eye. It was an image of a pleasantly tweaked Converse shoe , and I was diggin’ it. The design seemed more feminine and just….lighter. “We took the All Star® sneaker and lightened things up with a narrower contstruction, minimal detailing and additional arch support. All the good stuff – even better for you.” And for only 42 bucks….Loves it. *Images courtesy of converse.com and kasei.us . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Whiteny Port… April 29, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Get them here. *Images courtesy of people.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Now don’t tell me this is a coincidence. March 4, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic Do you guys think this is ok/fair? Check out how similar this tote is to the original Wang . Coincidence? We think not. *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. There’s no way thats a coincidence!!! Haha. Don’t care for it anyway. It looks cheap. I’m from australia & a store here called witchery are also doin a rip off of the donna hobo… looks exactly the same! :(. definitely not a coincidence just a pure style steal!
Nerdy Chic December 29, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Though I’m not a glasses wearer myself, I’ve always admired the way that going from bare to nerdy eyes transformed your style in a matter of seconds. Feel like a bimbo today? Just throw on a pair of glasses and your IQ suddenly soars. Just don’t think that’ll actually work for the SATs . So if you have poor eyesight, stand tall and proud ladies. Even the most famous out there don them. Check out our fave celebs in the chicest specs. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com , imagevenue.com , and the-world-in-focus.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Signed, Sealed, Delivered. October 6, 2009 | Tags: Real Life Chic The best gifts are those that come from the heart. They come unexpected, and carry sentimental meaning along with them. One of my closest friends recently came back from a trip to London, and brought a ‘ small something ‘ for me with her. The fact that she even thought of me on her little vacay caught me off-guard, but more so the actual gift in the bag was what caused me to turn as red as a tomato (from excitement nonetheless). She knows about my love for everything Sartorialist , so when she heard he was having a signing for his book…well you can guess the rest. Love you Dilliy!! Love those surprise gifts. And that is a good gift indeed!
New @ 80s Purple July 17, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Take a look at some of our fave casual picks from 80s Purple . The best part about them? They’re all under $75! Obey – women’s desert night long tube top $26 Insight – women’s the prowler tee $37 Purple Label – women’s merlyn woven tank top $21 Stussy – women’s future cat cocktail dress $55 Hellz Bellz – women’s love game shirt $72 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Net-a-Porter Supports Runway to Green March 31, 2011 | Tags: Chic Review Influencers from the worlds of fashion, art, philanthropy, business and entertainment came together on March 29th at Christie’s Bid to Save the Earth. The event kicked off with a live auction featuring fantasy auction packages followed by the Runway to Green fashion show and closed with a performance by Nicki Minaj. The runway show featured looks from over 25 designers including Prada, Gucci, Balenciaga, Burberry, Yves Saint Laurent, Marc Jacobs and Alexander McQueen, among others. The Runway to Green Collection is available on Net-a-Porter.com with a minimum of 10% of net-proceeds from the sale of each item will benefit Alliance of Climate Protection, Natural Resource Defense Council and United Nations Environmental Programme’s Billion Tree Campaign. Show your love to Earth and check it out! *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chloé Lace-up Canvas Wedges March 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Get the Look May 2, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks , Street Chic Asos Boyfriend Blazer Vince Cascade Blouse in Coastal Alloy Paris Skinny Jeans Jeffrey Campbell All Lace Up Combat Boots Oasis New Smudgy Leopard Scarf Zambos & Siega Brooke Bag Tote *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I really love how you guys disected this look and broke it down. I’m really digging that army-ish boot trend right now, I will definitely have to try and find a pair for myself!
Taylor Tomasi Chic May 20, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic The pop of yellow is so refreshing. Can this woman do any wrong? *Image courtesy of streetfsn.blogspot.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. No, no she can’t. Yellow model chick Yellow bottle sipping Yellow Lamborghini Yellow top missing heheh Marwa, ur so cute. love the skirt <3 hehhe thank you Shu , i love her hair color too 😛
Reminder: Clubmasters Giveaway!!! November 28, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert Hey people! Just wanted to remind all of you that we’re giving away a pair of Rayban Clubmasters , shades donned by all the hip celebs and this time we’re shipping internationally !! If you still haven’t entered, make sure you do. Who knows? It could be your lucky day! Here are the rules of the game: Leave a comment here with a valid email address (will not be published), and one winner will be chosen at random at the end of the giveaway. One entry per person. This contest ends Tuesday, December 1st @ 7PM EST. Good luck people! *Images courtesy coolspotters.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I wish i win these sunnies!! and rocking them here in sunny Marbella! I love your site!!! I check it each morning while sipping my cup of tea.
Fall Makeup Trends July 21, 2008 | Tags: Chic Tips It’s that time of the year, when it’s still scorching hot outside, but we feel the need to start with all the upcoming fall trends. Now, what better than to start off with the easiest to pull off (and least expensive) trend: makeup! A lot of our fave designers opted to go with the fresh-faced route. The key here is to go minimal and natural on all aspects of your face. The best way to pull this look off is to have healthy skin, so we recommend that you take part in a daily ritual of moisturizing, if you don’t already. As for products, a rosy blush, sheer gloss, and tinted foundation are the 3 mains. Honestly you can find all of these products at your local pharmacy, but if you have the urge to splurge, then try these products: *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Excelent. Your thinks are really interesting. To have a good site you should not only to add smth, but do it from the heart. You managed with it – thanks.
‘The City’ 2nd Trailer December 7, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Here’s another sneek preview to Whitney Port’s new reality show, and we can already tell it’s gonna be our new fave. Only 552 hours and counting. Oh btw, Jay: droool…
The top that… December 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Get it here . . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. where can you buy those boots? neeeed real leather skinnys! i have fake leather ones but dying for REAL ones! and those boots with the spikes! ow ow! xx.M love love LOVE those leather skinnies. where can I get them?
Food For Thought June 15, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Want to fulfill your fashionable appetite? Take a look at these scrumptious fashion label inspired cupcakes. Shot by Swedish photographer Therese Aldgard and styled by Lisa Edsalv, the two created a fantastic line-up of cupcake sets that are just irresistible. Yummm… *Images courtesy of www.h ighsnobiety.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I have never seen such fabulous cupcakes!! How adorable! I have never had such a desire to indulge in a tasty dessert and go buy a pair of expensive shoes – all at the same time! Love this =)
Perfect Ponytail Chic December 13, 2012 | Tags: Chic Tips Slick it back, and pull it up. That simple. *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Floral Frenzy July 23, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks We really are digging anything floral here at Chic Intuition. It probably has to do with the amazing weather and the bohemian summer spirit we’re in. That’s why the moment we spotted the skirts selection over at delia*s , we knew we had to let you in on our discovery. Just top em off with a long cardigan or a blazer for more structure, and the best part is that they’re extremely affordable! Isadora Tropical Skirt $34.50 Amie Long Floral Skirt $39.50 Renee Floral-Print Skirt $39.50 Veronica Skirt $39.50 Stefani Skirt $34.50 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. WOW! I love these.
DIY: Tom Binns Safety Pin Necklace September 2, 2010 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find How cute right? And so easy to execute. All you need is a large safety pin, a metal clasp necklace you can find at any supply shop, and a pair of strong hands. Take the pin, and do some major damage by twisting it randomly until it looks worn out. Attach it to the necklace. Voila! We just saved you $115 from the original ! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Check out Lana Fe! She makes all of her jewelry out of safety pins! I blogged about her on April 30, check the b&r archives!
Pink Eye April 26, 2012 | Tags: Chic Tips The title might sound a bit off, but we’re sure you got what we meant. Summer is just around the corner, and the time to transition from winter warms to light colors is upon us. That’s why we decided to show you this Harper’s Bazaar spread with glossy pink shadow. We’d recommend trying this jane iredale ‘Eye Gloss Silk’ Liquid Eye Shadow in Liqued Pink . Just swipe it all over your eyelids and you’re ready to go! *Images courtesy of whowhatwear.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
One Year Later- The Jumpsuit June 29, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The jumpsuit was one of those trends that I didn’t instantly warm up to. Something about seeing Gwyneth wearing it at the Iron Man premiere just didn’t sit right with me. Sometimes I guess it takes time to get used to the idea of a certain look. Lucky for me, now that I finally am loving the jumpsuit, the look is still in! I also love the fact that it’s evolved into a more relaxed casual look because I think it’s the fact that it looked so stiff on Gwyneth and Selma that kept me from indulging in this trend. Check out our celebrity jumpsuit timeline below and tell us, would you don it? *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Target ‘Go International’ Private Label 5 April 20, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert So finally, the latest, and may we add greatest, Target Go label is out, and we are in love. Remember the vest I so kindly asked Chic Critic to get me!? Well it’s available for purchase online now ! The line has a punk rock feel, with a twist of girlie bohemian fun. Hurry and get what you can while they last, we have a feeling this line will sell out soon. Btw check out the hot shoes below…Happy Shopping! *Images courtesy of target.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. do you know if the vest runs true to size? yep it’s pretty true to size. I have that orange pink-ish grey-ish dress and I love it!! I wore it out in San Francisco and got tons of compliments. It’s very true to size and has great support (no bra needed!). I also love the high fashion notes like the exposed, big funky zipper in the back. This dress was totally worth $39.99!!!
Street Chic Tips and Tricks August 11, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love it, love it, love it! They all look terrific!!!
Olivia Parlermo Chic October 27, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Remember her? We featured this socialista a while back, her style was to die for on so many occasions. So we were giddy with glee when we found out she would be in Whitney Port’s new reality show, ‘The City’ . Here she’s seen attending the Us Weekly Hot Hollywood bash, in support of her co-star (who received the award for Breakout of the Year). Polermo is donning a Rachel Wright black and white number, and we love the fact that she broke the monotones with a tan clutch. Devine! *Images courtesy of usmagazine.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Valentino Clutch Chic April 19, 2012 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Street Chic: Studded Belt February 5, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic When I saw this street chic look it instantly screamed NYFW!!! So naturally I had to try and get a similar looking outfit for myself. Check out my attempt below… Nordstrom Faux Leather Leggings Kenna-T Single Button Boyfriend Blazer Velvet Ganet Tunic Dress ASOS THEO Suede Ruched Peep Toe Shoe Boot ASOS Antique Studded Waist Belt *Image courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Kate Moss’ Fringe Bag October 13, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic When she was first spotted out and about with her gorgeous fringe messenger, numerous online sources claimed that it could have been vintage. We don’t blame them for such an innocent mistake. Made from distressed leather with a retro silver pendant, this bag portrays a uniquely vintage look. It’s by one of the most famous socialite’s, Genevieve Jones, and she so conveniently named it the ‘ Kate Fringe Bag ‘. Fringe is fabulous and we know you think so too. Get yours here ( it comes in brown too! ). *Images courtesy of genevievejones.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I don’t respect her as a designer (yet) to pay that much for a bag she designed. That’s just me.
Rachel Bilson’s New Job! April 28, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Actress, designer, and now fashion editor! Rachel Bilson sure is a girl who has it all and I can’t help but feel a little jealous (especially now that she has Hayden Christensen as her fiance)! On top of it all, she now has a column in one of our favorite fashion magazines, In Style, titled what else but Ask Rachel? I must admit that at first I was a little skeptical but after reading this month’s issue of In Style and her first contribution, I was very impressed. Not only does Rachel give great fashion advice to readers, but also includes a few of her very own must-haves. Looking forward to many more Ask Rachels to come. Hmmm… maybe I should send in a question asking her how to land a man like Hayden! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. She surely knows how to combine Laid back and chic styles together:) she’s an ideal inspiration to me!:) i really love her style.
I.Want.Now! October 17, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Buy it here .
Printed Pants Chic September 20, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks Ever since I saw I laid eyes on the Motel The Wilma Trouser in Animal Print in this feature , I can’t stop imagining a look involving printed pants, a plain white tank, a black blazer, and my black Chanel peep-toe pumps. Such an easy, breezy, effortless way to look dressed up without trying too hard. Armed with this dream in hand, I went on the search for the hottest printed pants on Shopbop . Here are my picks! 1. Plastic Island Dark Romance Belted Trousers 2. By Malene Birger Linexa Leopard Harem Pants 3. L.A.M.B Camo Cargo Pants Mmmm, I could wear them, yes i would do it.Maybe I would look for another kind of print since this ones are not melting me but either ways they look so stylish;)
Rihanna Sweater Sale May 6, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find I’ve been eying this swing sweater that Rihanna was donning for a while now. The cut is so me. I love tops that sway and linger, so flattering ( aka can eat all day and no bulges will show ). So if you’re interested you can get your hands on the Stripe Button Shoulder Sweater by Marley for 40% off! *Images courtesy of intermixonline.com and superstarcouples.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Serena’s Embellished Dress October 27, 2009 | Tags: Gossip Girl Chic This season, unfortunately, Gossip Girl Fashion has either been unattainable due to pieces from seasons past or altogether lackluster. That was until I spotted Serena van der Woodsen in this gorgeous embellished black silk dress on last night’s episode. For the first time in a long time the need to own something kicked in again and I was determined to find it. Luckily for me, the piece that’s driving me crazy is also available for purchase and is none other than the Nanette Lepore ‘Darjeeling’ Dress . It’s absolutely gorgeous and would look amazing paired with a pair of leggings and some funky booties. Also, the orginal black version that Serena wears can be found here . you can get the black on revolveclothing.com Thanks Lizzie
Rachel Zoe Season 2! December 5, 2008 | Tags: Chic Alert OMG this is BANANAS!!! We just got the great news that one of our fave reality shows of the season, The Rachel Zoe Project, has been picked up for a second season! The LA Times stated that production has not yet begun, but new episodes will air in mid-2009. Is it weird that I’m more excited about anticipating more segments with Rachels assistant, Taylor Jacobson, than Rach herself? Anyways can’t wait, I’m going to get my over-sized shades and fur coat out of hiding in celebration. I die …… *Images courtesy of bravotv.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Banana Republic Sale Alert September 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert For 4 days only, get an extra 10% off already reduced items at Banana Republic! Enter BREXTRA10 at checkout. Hurry, offer ends 10/2/09. Click here to shop Now!
Sequin Jackets July 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks From left to right: *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chloe LA Boutique Opening Party April 24, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic The ladies love Chloe and so do we! Check out how beautiful they looked at last night’s party for the new LA boutique… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. who’s the one on the left? I think Chloe and Kate look gorgeous. Especially Kate. She definitely suits the brand’s image well, very sweet and classy. Leighton looks so fat… Rachael Taylor. Don’t really know her but L.O.V.E her pants!
Moises de la Renta for MANGO January 8, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert The latest designer to collaborate with Mango is Moises de la Renta, son of the legendary Oscar de la Renta! Mango has gotten Moises to design a limited edition collection of t-shirts and tanks featuring embellished jewels, precious stones and tulle, as well as graphic illusions with transparencies and patchwork effects. Judging by what I see, these t-shirts will definitely be a hit! In stores starting March 2010. *Images courtesy of nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. OMG, I’m in love…. These shirts are beautiful! Don’t you love collaborations? how wonderful that great designers are adding their special touch to accessible fashion… L.O.V.E it! MNG always….so simple desing n beauty…love MNG
Cheap Chic a la Givenchy August 4, 2008 | Tags: Cheap Chic , Chic Find Once the first model walked down the Givenchy Fall runway, whispers of awe started fluttering around the fashion world. Everyone wanted to get their hands onto the gold multi-chain necklaces. Obviously bloggers around wondered about the whereabouts, and more importantly the price of these accessories. One can safely assume that the price range will probably exceed the hundreds of dollars (we contacted the people over at Givenchy inquiring, to no response). The good news is that we’ve found a presumably less pricey (and less heavy ) version online . You can check the necklace in action here , Eve’s video for “Give it to You”. At the end of the day, if you prefer to save up, we recommend purchasing numerous chains and pendants from your local craft store and just go crazy! *Images courtesy of dirtylibrarianchains.com and givenchy.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Cheap Chic: YSL for Less November 21, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic Splurge here , Save here . *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Wow what a great find! Love those Dolce Vita heels!
New @ Shopbop July 26, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks What do you do when you’re bored out of your mind? Online shop! We were just doing our usual browsing and picked out these faves from shopbop.com . Best part about them all? They’re under $100. Happy Shopping! *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Rihanna’s Ring Bling August 5, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Chic Find Roseanna Sammi Princely Ring $145 *Images courtesy of people.com and roseannasammi.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Loved!!
Cheap Chic: Belted Sweater Dress February 1, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks “One of these things is not like the others , One of these things just doesn’t belong , Can you tell which thing is not like the others By the time I finish my song?” -Sesame Street ( don’t even ask how I remembered that song! ) *Images courtesy of their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. the one in the middle i luv the cheapest one! It looks exactly like somethign i saw at anthropologie
Joy Bryant Chic August 18, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic Who knew that bringing back the classic khaki + white combo would be so rewarding. Joy’s pictures have been popping up everywhere, and we have to agree with the majority that she looks smoking. A fitted blouse , a-line skirt , cute pumps , and of course a glowing smile equal total chic- ness . Joy to the world!! ( sorry we just had to plug that in ) *Images courtesy of style.com and fashionweekdaily.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Genius. August 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Image courtesy of its respective link. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. fan-frikin-tastic!
Rachel Zoe’s Snake Bracelets September 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic We d.i.e over these stacked hammered snake bracelets that Rachel Zoe wears in almost every episode of RZP2. We don’t know who the designer of her original bracelets are ( they might be for her upcoming jewelry line perhaps? ) but we found a ton of alternatives online. I mean, who can go wrong with stacking snakes?! Yes, no one. Argento Vivo Set of Three Vermeil Bangles $98 Pola’s Gold Snake Bracelet $25 Elizabeth and James Twisted Snake Cuff $347 Adina Reyter Snake Bicep Bangle $95 EDIT: Rachel’s actual bracelets are all from Roseark. Remember them? Same place where Taylor got her sideways cross necklace. The bracelets are all by Kathy Ross . From what we can tell, she’s wearing an eagle cuff, two snake cuffs, and two double tail cuffs. Wowza! *Images courtesy of glamour.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Those cuffs are Kathy Rose from Roseark–looks like the Eagle Cuff, Double Tail Cuff, and snake cuff all layered together 😉 Mindy, I think you may be right! Thanks so much for the info kathy rose made those snake cuffs. I bought one 7 years ago!I still have it on!You can see it on her store site roseark.com I was wondering what style cuff did you get because I am confused on how to order it. Kathy Rose has the three different style cuffs (snake, eagle and double tail). I have her rose gold snake with pave (has diamonds in it) and 2 of the rose gold eagles. When you go on the website…www.roseark.com…select the style you want, then choose the type of gold or silver you want and the size. If you go with the snake, pick if you want diamonds or not. I hope this helps!!! You will love them!!! 323.822.3600-this is the phone number that I got off the website…sometimes it is easier to call and order.
People’s Choice Award Winners January 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Debra Messing : We know the shape is hard to pull of, but man can did she nail it! Olivia Wilde : Wilde Child? We think not. Angelic is the word… Cast of 90210 : Ladies, you ruled the red carpet today! Hollywood glamour at its best. *Images courtesy of popsugar.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Grammy Awards Style Mavens February 1, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic Jennifer Hudson: I can’t believe this girl just had a baby! Lea Michael: For a newcomer, she sure has the red carpet style sense of a veteran. Miley Cyrus: For the first time ever, I think she nailed it! Pink: The perfect mix of rock and glam. *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Panther Mania March 13, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks After seeing the Rachel Zoe show, I couldn’t help but lust after her Cartier panther ring. Unfortunately for me, it costs about as much as a car! Since I still don’t have the bank account of a famed celeb stylist, I realized that I’d have to wait. That was until I saw these Anita Ko pieces on Net-A-Porter. They are a little pricey but considering that they’re diamond encrusted it’s oh so worth it ! Anita Ko Diamond Encrusted Panther Earrings Anita Ko Diamond Encrusted Panther Ring Anita Ko Diamond Encrusted Panther Necklace
Teen Choice Style Sinners August 4, 2008 | Tags: Not Chic Kim Kardashian- Where’s the prom? Scarlett Johansson- Mamma Mia! Kaycee Stroh- Print gone very very bad! Fergie- When tie dye can be dangerous… *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. Fergie’s dress was worn by Miss Universe 2007 (Japan) and as the evening gown (on the website)for miss Korea 2007 but w/o the belt. korea on right, then japan http://bp1.blogger.com/_vC7rHR9oCKU/SGCMROePpZI/AAAAAAAAElM/oWSP8bQQm90/s1600-h/SunLeeRiyoMori.JPG what is up with Kim Kardashian’s makeup? her face is a shade too dark and that eye makeup! What was her makeup artist thinking? whoops I meant a shade too light! I have to agree about Kim and Fergie, but I actually like Scarlett’s dress!
Ask Chic: Alaia Shoes for Less August 22, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Marissa writes: “I’ve been an avid reader or yours since I came upon your site well over a year ago. Now I’m in need of some of your super fashion sleuthing! I love the Alaia black raffia cut out heels that Lindsay Lohan has been wearing everywhere, but unfortunately, I cannot afford their 4 figure price tag. Have you seen any alternatives? I’ve been looking everywhere but to no avail and could really use your help!” We’ve gotta agree with you Marissa, those shoes are pretty hot. We started out by taking a look at an online shoe store that has one of the best search engines: Endless.com . Basically, you can go through and filter through their thousands of options by shoe type, brand, size, color, heel height, and price. Once you do, the results are narrowed down for your viewing pleasure. We came up with these options that we’re sure LL would approve of, hope you like them! Happy Shopping. GUESS Women’s Prepa Platform Sandal $110 Michael Antonio Women’s Solstice Platform $60 Vince Camuto Women’s Sarah Platform Sandal $77 *Images courtesy of jessicastyle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Cool shoes! Thanks Antonio
Team Net-a-Porter November 13, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Image courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. The founder looks stunning!!
No No No! March 23, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic We know her movie is about monsters and aliens, but that still doesn’t mean she has to look like a combination of the two… *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. I have to disagree with you, I think she looks beautiful and so radiant! actually i like it I personally love this on her! The Rodarte dress is fabulous! ok i agree that the shoes doesnt match the dress, but gosh it’s rodarte for christ’s sake, isnt that the label everyone is lusting for? ok maybe reese is just too commercial for this dress (it would definetely look better on natalie portman)but at least she’s trying something new. I usually agree with you…but not in this case. I think she looks amazing. Like the others I’m loving Reese in the Rodarte (even though the hair does not fit in). And the heels go well with the dres imo. that dress is the dopeness. She looks FAB! shoes look good but not on that dress Yah guys, i saw pics of this a while ago and really liked it. also, absolutely adore her shoes.
Oh Bebe! November 29, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Remember these babies? Well guess what… Click here to purchase. *Images courtesy of respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
First Look: Femme for DKNY Jeans July 26, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert The first advertisement for Hilary Duff’s collaboration with DKNY is out, and talk about a teaser! Yes, that is in fact Miss Duff in the ad on the right ( kinda looks like Olivia Polermo at first glace, no? ). Hilary says that, “One of the hardest things is to come up with a name. But I think Femme works really well and explains the line perfectly as feminine but tough all at the same time. It’s aggressive, but in a good way.” Items to be sold include sweater tunics with removable cowl scarves, tees with detachable and printed necklaces, charmeuse cozies that layer like scarves, skinny jeans with adjustable belt loops for thin or wide belts. The line will hit stores in August. Aah, can’t wait! *Image courtesy of justjared.com and nitrolicious.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. photoshop???? I love Hilary’s outfit! I want the vest, fringe t shirt, leggings… love it! yes whitney! They photoshopped that to high heaven!! hilary rocks!!!!!!!!
Six Reasons Chloe Sevigny’s Style Rocks December 23, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic *Image courtesy of glamour.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. those are not harem pants.
And the Oscar for Worst Dress goes to… March 8, 2010 | Tags: Not Chic Jennifer Lopez: The internet is raving about this dress but did they see it from this angle? Diane Kruger: Someone took a dip in a blender before she left for the Oscars. Sarah Jessica Parker: A yellow silk potato sack is still a potato sack. Also, doesn’t her ring look like a cigarette upon first glance? Charlize Theron: All I will say is purple flower pasties! *Images courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
EXTRA 20% Off Items Marked 50% + 70% Off! December 15, 2010 | Tags: Chic Alert Extra 20% off styles marked 50% and 70% off, w/ code EXTRA20. Ends 12/16 at 11:59 PT.
An Early Halloween Treat October 24, 2008 | Tags: Chic Find Get yours here .
Summer Nights February 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find Get it here . *Images courtesy of zazzle.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
MINTsider Giveaway December 10, 2012 | Tags: Chic Alert Justin Timberlake, the Olsen Twins, Rachel Bilson… just a few of the names associated with the MINT group. A members only group of sites where these celebrities and more have teamed up with prominent designers in the industry to create a line of jewelry, shoes, t-shirts, beachwear and even home accessories at a reasonable pricepoint. Sounds too good to be true right? Surprisingly, it isn’t. We’ve had the pleasure of recieving items from both the ShoeMint and JewelMint collections this week and have to say we were absolutely blown away by the chic packaging and overall quality of the items. So much so that, as soon as we got our JewelMint bling, we ran to our computers to order more stuff (with a Buy One Get One Free deal who could resist???)! Now for the announcement: WE ARE HOSTING A GIVEAWAY. You must sign up for JewelMint or ShoeMint ( 20% off coupon anyone? ) and follow us on Instagram using username “chicintuition” in order to qualify. We will be posting the image below featuring our picks today on Instagram and those who comment and tag @mintsider have a chance at winning the ultimate prize. The rules are simple: US Residents ONLY, must be a member of JewelMint or ShoeMint , must follow us on Instagram, must leave instagram username in the comments section below, and the deadline is December 17, 2012. The winner gets to choose three items from either site! Enter today. JewelMint (clockwise from top left): ShoeMint (top to bottom) *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. @trishfish720 this is so fab! Yay! I love the Mints! Insta: hilaryohh Thanks for the giveaway! adarst213 What an incredible giveaway!! Who wouldn’t LOVE getting some items from either jewelmint or shoemint?!? I know I would!! Instaname: @mrshess IG: @Spottiedodi I love Shoemint & Jewelmint:) i’m wearing the Taia Flats right now and i absolutely love them. (i followed both @mintsider @chichintuition on instagram) thank you for the chance.
Maxed Out! March 6, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks It’s all the rage now, leggings have been in the past few seasons and we see maxi skirts taking the throne now. Just top yours with a loose tee and fitted blazer/leather jacket and hot sandals. We took the liberty of choosing some jersey versions of the trend, and all of them are under $50! Happy Shopping! Motel ASOS Exclusive Painted Rose Maxi Tube ASOS Jersey Maxi Skirt Oasis Maxi Skirt Motel ASOS Exclusive Dogtooth Chain Maxi Tube *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. #2 maxi … amazing! Ive actually been looking at that Oasis skirt. I love the look, just not too sure if it would work on me! xo
Chic Trend: Fringe Bib Necklaces August 7, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks One obvious trend that’s not going away is the statement necklace. It looks great over a simple top or paired with an edgy blazer and tank. And what better way to make a simple romper stand out than by topping it with a fringe bib necklace? The fringe bib is the perfect retro glam accessory and it seems like a lot of designers are catching on. Check out my faves below: Rachel Leigh Jewelry Geometric Fringe Necklace TOM BINNS Tough Chic Zipper Necklace Lee Angel Jewelry Yasmine Necklace with Beaded Fringe Fiona Paxton Gilda Collar Necklace I will take 2 of the zippered necklaces please! and ill have the rest! 😛
Ask Chic: Blanket Sweater for Less October 18, 2010 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Leslie writes: “ Hello!! I absolutely love your blog, and I’ve been visiting daily since I first discovered it 6 months ago! Lately I’ve become obsessed with chunky and oversized sweaters for the fall and in your most recent post about cardigans you mentioned Twelfth Street by Cynthia Vincent’s Blanket Sweater. Unfortunately, I’m a poor fashion student, so I can’t really afford to shell out $400+ for just one sweater!! Would you be able to help me find some less expensive alternatives?? Thanks so much!! “ Lets start off by thanking you for your sweet compliments! We are always thrilled to feel the love! Blanket sweaters are one of the IT pieces for this Winter and we recommend that everyone MUST get one! Although the Twelfth St. by Cynthia Vincent version is quite the looker, there are also a few cheaper, and equally gorgeous, alternatives out there at our favorite fashion forward website- ASOS . Here are three of our faves. Happy Shopping 1. ASOS Pattern Wrap Blanket Cardigan 2. ASOS Square Pattern Blanket Wrap 3. ASOS Blanket Wrap Coat Cute! Forever 21 has some good ones too. I really like your choices. http://thechicaddict.blogspot.com
J’Adore Paris October 4, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Nothing like The City of Lights to end this month of fashion on a high note… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. l.o.v.e
Yes, please. August 10, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find Get your hands on them here . *Image courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Trend: Stripes February 4, 2010 | Tags: Chic Picks I’m looking into my magic ball, and I foresee…a new trend on the horizon. Can you guess what it is sailor? There, I just gave you a hint. If you haven’t already looked at the graphics below..then what are you waiting for? Stripes are a huge trend we saw on the runways for Spring and Fall 2010, and I personally can’t wait to try it. We took the liberty of picking a few of our striped faves for your personal pleasure, keep note ladies! Torn by Ronny Kobo Olivia One Sleeve Stripe Mini Dress A.L.C. Slit Strap Tank Madison Marcus Infinite Striped Jacket *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. stripes are currently ruling my life as well…
Not Your Grandma’s Knitting… July 31, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find “Wool and the Gang make knitting glamorous with their fun and fabulous D.I.Y. kits. Whether you’re looking for the perfect gift or to learn a new skill, it’s time to pick up your needles and get in on fashion’s coolest hobby” Get yours here , here , and here .
The Perfect Multi-Layered Necklace May 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find One of the problems I have with layering my favorite necklaces is that they always end up getting so tangled up that it takes me a few weeks to be able to wear them again! That’s why when I saw this Erickson Beamon Mist at Avalon Necklace I was in love. What better way to make a statement than with a standout piece like this? Imagine it with a chic blouse or even with a dress. One word- SPECTACULAR!
Mary Kate Olsen Makeup Chic October 8, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Step 1: Rub Chanel Bronzing Makeup Base allover face and neck. Step 2: Using the Smashbox ‘Reign’ Eyeshadow Palette in Monarch, brush on the lightest shade of eyeshadow from your lashline to your browbone. Next, take the darkest shade and brush it along the upper and lower lashlines. Lastly, use a little of the bronze shade on the crease of your eyelid. Step 3: Take Estee Lauder Gel Eyeliner and line the top and bottom of the lashline. Make sure the top lashline is lined on the thicker side. Step 4: Generously brush Shiseido ‘The Makeup’ Perfect Mascara onto upper and lower lashes. Step 5: Finish with a swipe of M·A·C ‘DSquared²’ Lipstick in Nude Rose. *Image courtesy of prphotos.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I always admired this look on MK.
Stree Chic: Harem Pants July 12, 2009 | Tags: Chic Find , Street Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of elle.com and forever21.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. i’me not a huge fan of harem pants but i love that blue shirt…
The IT Pants of the Summer! March 17, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic The verdict is out and it’s time all of you finally know that the J Brand Houlihan Skinny Cargo Pants are the most coveted pants of the summer. How can we be so confident? Well after much investigation and a study based on a sample of celebrities, we have concluded that they love ’em and so will you. The most noticeable thing about these pants was that they are versatile enough to be dressed up or down and suit a variety of different personal styles. Get them quick because a little birdie told us that the first shipment sold out within five days! *Images courtesy of people.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I love love love these.
Street Chic: Paris Fashion Week October 1, 2008 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. loving those plaid pants!
Chanel Clogs for Less March 15, 2010 | Tags: Celeb Chic , Cheap Chic Since the moment they hit the Chanel Spring RTW ’10 runway, clogs have been on every fashionista’s wishlist. Of course, the fact that Alexa Chung was spotted donning them on the cover of UK VOGUE might have also helped the matter. We’re actually starting to warm up to this trend, with a few outfit modifications in mind. Since we all can’t afford the Chanel’s, why not opt for similar versions for less ? Jeffrey Campbell ‘Charli-C’ Clog $125 UGG Australia Abbie Clogs $130 STEVEN by Steve Madden Women’s Bresi Clog $140 *Images courtesy of style.com and vogue.co.uk . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love clogs! These styles are great! Not sure if I’m ready yet to sport clogs. However, Steven by Steve Madden looks like a good knock off of Chanel.
Street Chic: Scarves Edition lll November 4, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. anyone knows where i can get some cool scarves??? i like the blue one on the right hand side picture.
Mirror, Mirror June 10, 2010 | Tags: Chic Find We first saw them as booties, and now they’ve gotten the sandal treatment for summer. Get them here . *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. I’ve been coveting these forever! Love, love, love!
Sonia Rykiel for H&M September 28, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert On the heels of their collaboration with Jimmy Choo, H&M has tapped Sonia Rykiel as the next guest designer for winter 2009 and spring 2010. The collaboration will begin with a lingerie collection that will be available in both H&M stores as well as Sonia Rykiel’s major boutiques in December 2009. The second part of the collaboration for spring 2010 will feature an iconic knitwear collection for women and girls in addition to some playful accessories. Two collections for less with the same designer? Honestly, we can’t wait! *Image courtesy of zimbio.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Oh, yeah. Keep ’em coming H&M!
Ssense.com ‘s Sale June 4, 2011 | Tags: Chic Alert , Chic Picks It’s that time of year where everyone is having their Summer Sale. One of our fave online shopping destinations, SSENSE.com has started theirs and let’s just say we are d.y.i.n.g! Take a look at some of our top picks and then head on over for some more deals! 3.1 Phillip Lim Calder T_strap Platform Pump $850 $595 Alexander Wang Draped Dress $795 $556 Yves Saint-Laurent Easy Stud Top Zip To te $2400 $1680 Opening Ceremony Drop Waist Bib Dress $560 $392 Alexander Wang Aw Lf 3 C7 Sunglasses. $390 $273 Fallon All Points West Collage Cuff $240 $168 *Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Ask Chic: How to Wear a Sequined Top June 28, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic Chic Reader Maddy writes: “Hi there, my birthday is coming up next week and I wanted to know what I should wear with a silver sequin t-shirt. I’m from Australia so it is winter at the moment. I added an image of the top I want to wear. Thanks so much. Looking forward to hearing from you. PS: Love your blog!” Well Maddy, first off thanks for the compliment, and secondly l.o.v.e the fact that you want to glimmer on your B-Day. Special occasions are the best times to don some sparkle, and we imagined your top with countless outfit options. It was quite hard, but we managed to filter it down to two options. The main theme was to add some black, since the sparkles are enough shine. Also, like you mentioned, it’s winter in Australia so throw on a leather biker jacket or a fitted blazer for warmth. You can opt to pair the tunic with leggings and colored pumps, or partially tuck it into a high-waisted skirt. Hope you like the options! *Images courtesy of net-a-porter.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love this. I’ve been slightly sequined nuts lately. I think it shows in my posts. Love Grace.
Ask Chic: Olsen’s Alaia Belt for Less February 23, 2009 | Tags: Ask Chic , Cheap Chic Chic Reader Holly asks: “I know you girls are experts at finding things celebs wear and their alternatives. I need help! I’ve been trying to find something similar to the Olsen’s Alaia belt for ages. Any suggestions?” Well Holly, the belt you adore really is fabulous. And usually something with that much fabulosity is rare. What we’ve managed to do is find you an option that carries a similar form and will basically do you the same justice as the Alaia. You can try this belt by Jack Rabbit which is pretty amazing for $100! *Images courtesy of flickr.com, revolveclothing.com and shoewawa.com. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. $100 for a belt…we in a recession, head to you nearest urban outfiters
Street Jewelry Chic October 7, 2010 | Tags: Street Chic Have you ever looked at a street chic shot and thought “I wish I was that girl?” Well I’m thinking that right about now! There’s something about romantic blouses and effortlessly layered gold jewelry that always gets to me. What I learned about fashion all these years is that when caught yearning, use it as inspiration! Check out my attempt at a very similar look… Clockwise from top: 1. Anna Beck Gold and Silver Stackable Rings 2. Blu Bijoux Circular Bangles in Gold 3. Kara Ackerman Amethyst Ring 4. Vintage 66 Glam Goddess Bracelet 5. Tutti-Frutti Ring in Lemon Cognac and Green Amethyst *Image courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. love the stackable rings. Love the look! And it’s definitely a hot look for fall this year. If you like this, you might also like the stackable braclets, charm bracelets and gold necklaces at Dirty Pretty Things Jewelry. http://www.dptjewelry.com
Affordable Line We Love: Madewell Jewelry November 13, 2009 | Tags: Cheap Chic As you all probably know by now, I am ALWAYS on the lookout for hot, affordable jewelry. That’s why when I stumbled on the Madewell Jewelry line I was thrilled !!! Known for their affordable, great quality clothing and scarves, it looks like Madewell have recently expanded into making jewelry as well. The pieces are surprisingly edgy and are all under $70!!! Check out my faves below and head over to shopbop.com to shop this amazing line! Love affordable jewelry!
No No No! February 11, 2009 | Tags: Not Chic Dear Keira, Dressing like a door-to-door Encyclopedia saleswoman will get you nowhere in Hollywood; they don’t read there. Love, CI *Image courtesy of justjared.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. LOOOL!
Ronson x Gucci November 11, 2009 | Tags: Celeb Chic Mark Ronson, the brother of papparazzi fave Sam, and Grammy award winning music producer collaborated with Gucci to design a number of hip shoes. Ronson’s limited-edition creation: a tricolor Top-Sider/high-top hybrid gained massive approval Friday night at the brand’s new Soho pop-up shop. The next few Ronson designs will be revealed at sneaker stores in Miami, London, and Tokyo in months to come. Take a look at the fab fashion/celeb bunch that made it out to the party and take a guess at what the #1 trend of the night was… *Images courtesy of style.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Chic Interview: Soraya Bakhtiar December 24, 2012 | Tags: Chic Interview It’s been a while since we’ve last interviewed a fashionista, and we feel like we’ve chosen just the right person to break our dry spell. Soraya Bakhtiar, an Iranian/Egyptian who resides in Switzerland has the perfect mixture of eclectic cultures, taste, and fashion know how to fit our chic bill. Her blog is so addictive, we’re sure you will be going back for more once you get a taste of her stylish sensibility … Chic Intuition: We have to start off by saying we were quite impressed with your resume. At just 23 you’ve already conquered the blogosphere while finishing off a Master’s degree in Fashion Journalism. You’ve stated that your ultimate goal is to become a Fashion Editor, how and when did this love for everything style become? Soraya: For as long as I can remember. Growing up I was real girly girl and I always had an interest for fashion. Also, I must say that I was lucky enough to be surrounded by many creative personalities in my family and surrounding, which inevitably made me realize that I wanted to be part of it “when I grew up”. I had another blog for two years and shut it down to started my own eponymous blog in May 2012 and decided to put myself forward. Since I’ve moved to London my style really evolved and I feel much more daring today. I’m not scared of mixing prints and textures anymore. Maybe someday I hope to be a fashion or accessories editor, I really enjoyed the experience I had when I worked in magazines like TANK and ELLE UK, but we’ll see – I’m keeping my options open because so far, I never thought that my blog would take me on such an incredible journey. Chic Intuition: Anyone that follows your blog knows you have a killer wardrobe (cc: your Givenchy boots #killer). Do you usually plan out your seasonal wardrobe with a must have list or just build it as you go along? Soraya: It really depends. Usually I spot key pieces off the runway during fashion week and I know I need to chase them i.e GIVENCHY BOOTS. Otherwise, I just go with the flow and my current cravings and inspiration. Chic Intuition: That leads us to our next cliche (but we gotta ask) question. If your house was burning down (God forbid) what 3 items would you grab from your wardrobe and why? Soraya: Wow! That’s really a tough one. Honestly, I’m not sure that I would grab things from my wardrobe, because at the end of the day they’re just clothes and you don’t take it with you as they say. I would rather save some sentimental objects like my watch that I received for my 20th birthday (or my Birkin bag), my teddy bear that I’ve had since I was born and some family photo albums. These things are priceless. Chic Intuition: Who is your fave fashion designer and why? Soraya: I love Alexander Wang for introducing the whole downtown sporty cool look and Phoebe Philo at Celine for her minimalism elegance. Chic Intuition: If you hadn’t taken a path in fashion, what other career path would you see yourself in? Soraya: I would say a children therapist because I love children and I have a major in Psychology. Chic Intuition: From one blogger to another, we know it’s a pretty hectic life to live that needs a ton of dedication. What advice would you give an aspiring blogger? Soraya: Be true to yourself and find your niche. Every blogger has their own “specialty” whether it’s stacking up jewelry, mixing prints and textures, or vintage clothes. The sky is the limit. Chic Intuition: We all have a little selfish spot where we discover an unknown fashion brand that we keep to ourselves for a while and hope and pray that no one will discover it. Now it’s your time to spill. Fill in the blank: My fave little kept secret I love are clothes by ________. Soraya: I never keep secrets but my newest crush is Three Floor . Chic Intuition: What was your proudest fashion moment this year? Every day is a proud moment as I get so much positive feedback but if I had to pick one, it would probably be my photo shoot/ feature in Harper’s Bazaar Arabia in October. Chic Intuition: Philosophical question time: to nail art or not to nail art? Soraya: Not to nail art. Unless it’s for a special occasion. I usually find nail art quite tacky. I’m more traditional when it comes to my nails, I like them short and glossy. No matte or glitter finish.
Zipped on Alexander August 15, 2008 | Tags: Chic Picks After seeing the Alexander Wang show, I’ve been dying for a pair of zipped shoes, booties, boots, anything basically. The shoes in his collection were made specifically for his show, by a little unknown designer called… Manolo Blahnik . After a couple of clicks online, I was able to find quite a few alternatives to the zipper trend. Take a look at our finds: Two Lips Unzipped Booties $80 J Shoes Women’s Twisted $155 arche Women’s Conan $231 Michael by Michael Kors “Berkley” T Strap $129 Leg Avenue Biker Back Knee High $35 *Images courtesy of style.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Forever 21 Twist Collection July 27, 2009 | Tags: Chic Alert Forever 21 is at it again with a limited edition collection entitled the Twist Collection . From the pics below it’s obvious that the pieces are intended to be more funky with a circus-inspired theme. I’m especially digging the tshirt with the red shoes… The collection is slated to be released in stores on July 29th. I would suggest you get there quickly because I’m pretty sure these pieces wont last! *Images courtesy of forever21.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC.
Camilla Belle Chic December 2, 2008 | Tags: Celeb Chic We love Camilla Belle, always have always will. She is just so darn cute! The minute we saw this image of her out, we knew we had to re-create her look. What are you laughing your head off at Camilla? We sooo want in on the fun! Tommy Hilfiger Vivian Argyle Cardigan Sweater $69.50 BCBGeneration Bishop-Sleeve Button-Down Shirt $61.60 Joe’s Jeans Chelsea Ultra-Skinny Jeans, Vincent Wash $158 Nine West “You’re So Cute” Boot $100 *Images courtesy of justjared.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. this girl is really cute lovely style i love camilla! She’s gorgeous! she’s always and always will be ‘darn CUTE’ supah love her………
An Oxford Education January 4, 2009 | Tags: Chic Picks We’re really loving Oxford shoes, and seems like everyone else is loving them as well. So why not dedicate a post to our fave Oxfords, in all heel heights, colors, and shapes? Easy said, easy done. Hale Bob Women’s Chicago Oxford $60.47 BCBGirls Elia Peep Toe Oxford $60.47 Tapeet by Vicini Women’s Z85018 Oxford $315 Nine West Women’s Heathers Peep Toe Oxford $49.47 BCBGirls Women’s Scent Slingback Oxford $53.87 *Images courtesy of popsugar.com and their respective links. Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc. oooh those are love!!! It’s a really peculiar trend!!! BJS *keep it stylish*
Street Chic Obsession… March 20, 2009 | Tags: Street Chic Get them here . *Images courtesy of jakandjil.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition Inc.
Street Chic: Red Rover March 10, 2011 | Tags: Street Chic *Images courtesy of elle.com . Graphics courtesy of Chic Intuition LLC. Love it!
